During their decade-long quest to defeat the Demon King, the members of the hero's party—Himmel himself, the priest Heiter, the dwarf warrior Eisen, and the elven mage Frieren—forge bonds through adventures and battles, creating unforgettable precious memories for most of them.However, the time that Frieren spends with her comrades is equivalent to merely a fraction of her life, which has lasted over a thousand years. When the party disbands after their victory, Frieren casually returns to her "usual" routine of collecting spells across the continent. Due to her different sense of time, she seemingly holds no strong feelings toward the experiences she went through.As the years pass, Frieren gradually realizes how her days in the hero's party truly impacted her. Witnessing the deaths of two of her former companions, Frieren begins to regret having taken their presence for granted; she vows to better understand humans and create real personal connections. Although the story of that once memorable journey has long ended, a new tale is about to begin.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a horrific alchemy experiment goes wrong in the Elric household, brothers Edward and Alphonse are left in a catastrophic new reality. Ignoring the alchemical principle banning human transmutation, the boys attempted to bring their recently deceased mother back to life. Instead, they suffered brutal personal loss: Alphonse's body disintegrated while Edward lost a leg and then sacrificed an arm to keep Alphonse's soul in the physical realm by binding it to a hulking suit of armor.The brothers are rescued by their neighbor Pinako Rockbell and her granddaughter Winry. Known as a bio-mechanical engineering prodigy, Winry creates prosthetic limbs for Edward by utilizing "automail," a tough, versatile metal used in robots and combat armor. After years of training, the Elric brothers set off on a quest to restore their bodies by locating the Philosopher's Stone—a powerful gem that allows an alchemist to defy the traditional laws of Equivalent Exchange.As Edward becomes an infamous alchemist and gains the nickname "Fullmetal," the boys' journey embroils them in a growing conspiracy that threatens the fate of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eccentric scientist Rintarou Okabe has a never-ending thirst for scientific exploration. Together with his ditzy but well-meaning friend Mayuri Shiina and his roommate Itaru Hashida, Okabe founds the Future Gadget Laboratory in the hopes of creating technological innovations that baffle the human psyche. Despite claims of grandeur, the only notable "gadget" the trio have created is a microwave that has the mystifying power to turn bananas into green goo.However, when Okabe attends a conference on time travel, he experiences a series of strange events that lead him to believe that there is more to the "Phone Microwave" gadget than meets the eye. Apparently able to send text messages into the past using the microwave, Okabe dabbles further with the "time machine," attracting the ire and attention of the mysterious organization SERN.Due to the novel discovery, Okabe and his friends find themselves in an ever-present danger. As he works to mitigate the damage his invention has caused to the timeline, Okabe fights a battle to not only save his loved ones but also to preserve his degrading sanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gintoki, Shinpachi, and Kagura return as the fun-loving but broke members of the Yorozuya team! Living in an alternate-reality Edo, where swords are prohibited and alien overlords have conquered Japan, they try to thrive on doing whatever work they can get their hands on. However, Shinpachi and Kagura still haven't been paid... Does Gin-chan really spend all that cash playing pachinko?Meanwhile, when Gintoki drunkenly staggers home one night, an alien spaceship crashes nearby. A fatally injured crew member emerges from the ship and gives Gintoki a strange, clock-shaped device, warning him that it is incredibly powerful and must be safeguarded. Mistaking it for his alarm clock, Gintoki proceeds to smash the device the next morning and suddenly discovers that the world outside his apartment has come to a standstill. With Kagura and Shinpachi at his side, he sets off to get the device fixed; though, as usual, nothing is ever that simple for the Yorozuya team.Filled with tongue-in-cheek humor and moments of heartfelt emotion, Gintama's fourth season finds Gintoki and his friends facing both their most hilarious misadventures and most dangerous crises yet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seeking to restore humanity's diminishing hope, the Survey Corps embark on a mission to retake Wall Maria, where the battle against the merciless "Titans" takes the stage once again.Returning to the tattered Shiganshina District that was once his home, Eren Yeager and the Corps find the town oddly unoccupied by Titans. Even after the outer gate is plugged, they strangely encounter no opposition. The mission progresses smoothly until Armin Arlert, highly suspicious of the enemy's absence, discovers distressing signs of a potential scheme against them. Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 Part 2 follows Eren as he vows to take back everything that was once his. Alongside him, the Survey Corps strive—through countless sacrifices—to carve a path towards victory and uncover the secrets locked away in the Yeager family's basement.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years have passed following the Tendoshuu's invasion of the O-Edo Central Terminal. Since then, the Yorozuya have gone their separate ways. Foreseeing Utsuro's return, Gintoki Sakata begins surveying Earth's ley lines for traces of the other man's Altana. After an encounter with the remnants of the Tendoshuu—who continue to press on in search of immortality—Gintoki returns to Edo.Later, the regrouped Shinsengumi and Yorozuya begin an attack on the occupied Central Terminal. With the Altana harvested by the wreckage of the Tendoshuu's ship in danger of detonating, the Yorozuya and their allies fight their enemies while the safety of Edo—and the rest of the world—hangs in the balance. Fulfilling the wishes of their teacher, Shouyou Yoshida's former students unite and relive their pasts one final time in an attempt to save their futures.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hunters devote themselves to accomplishing hazardous tasks, all from traversing the world's uncharted territories to locating rare items and monsters. Before becoming a Hunter, one must pass the Hunter Examination—a high-risk selection process in which most applicants end up handicapped or worse, deceased.Ambitious participants who challenge the notorious exam carry their own reason. What drives 12-year-old Gon Freecss is finding Ging, his father and a Hunter himself. Believing that he will meet his father by becoming a Hunter, Gon takes the first step to walk the same path.During the Hunter Examination, Gon befriends the medical student Leorio Paladiknight, the vindictive Kurapika, and ex-assassin Killua Zoldyck. While their motives vastly differ from each other, they band together for a common goal and begin to venture into a perilous world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a one-year hiatus, Shinpachi Shimura returns to Edo, only to stumble upon a shocking surprise: Gintoki and Kagura, his fellow Yorozuya members, have become completely different characters! Fleeing from the Yorozuya headquarters in confusion, Shinpachi finds that all the denizens of Edo have undergone impossibly extreme changes, in both appearance and personality. Most unbelievably, his sister Otae has married the Shinsengumi chief and shameless stalker Isao Kondou and is pregnant with their first child.Bewildered, Shinpachi agrees to join the Shinsengumi at Otae and Kondou's request and finds even more startling transformations afoot both in and out of the ranks of the the organization. However, discovering that Vice Chief Toushirou Hijikata has remained unchanged, Shinpachi and his unlikely Shinsengumi ally set out to return the city of Edo to how they remember it.With even more dirty jokes, tongue-in-cheek parodies, and shameless references, Gintama' follows the Yorozuya team through more of their misadventures in the vibrant, alien-filled world of Edo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo Kurosaki spends his days fighting against Hollows, dangerous evil spirits that threaten Karakura Town. Ichigo carries out his quest with his closest allies: Orihime Inoue, his childhood friend with a talent for healing; Yasutora Sado, his high school classmate with superhuman strength; and Uryuu Ishida, Ichigo's Quincy rival.Ichigo's vigilante routine is disrupted by the sudden appearance of Asguiaro Ebern, a dangerous Arrancar who heralds the return of Yhwach, an ancient Quincy king. Yhwach seeks to reignite the historic blood feud between Soul Reaper and Quincy, and he sets his sights on erasing both the human world and the Soul Society for good.Yhwach launches a two-pronged invasion into both the Soul Society and Hueco Mundo, the home of Hollows and Arrancar. In retaliation, Ichigo and his friends must fight alongside old allies and enemies alike to end Yhwach's campaign of carnage before the world itself comes to an end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The 150-year-long stalemate between the two interstellar superpowers, the Galactic Empire and the Free Planets Alliance, comes to an end when a new generation of leaders arises: the idealistic military genius Reinhard von Lohengramm, and the FPA's reserved historian, Yang Wenli.While Reinhard climbs the ranks of the Empire with the aid of his childhood friend, Siegfried Kircheis, he must fight not only the war, but also the remnants of the crumbling Goldenbaum Dynasty in order to free his sister from the Kaiser and unify humanity under one genuine ruler. Meanwhile, on the other side of the galaxy, Yang—a strong supporter of democratic ideals—has to stand firm in his beliefs, despite the struggles of the FPA, and show his pupil, Julian Mintz, that autocracy is not the solution.As ideologies clash amidst the war's many casualties, the two strategic masterminds must ask themselves what the real reason behind their battle is.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While Gintoki Sakata was away, the Yorozuya found themselves a new leader: Kintoki, Gintoki's golden-haired doppelganger. In order to regain his former position, Gintoki will need the help of those around him, a troubling feat when no one can remember him! Between Kintoki and Gintoki, who will claim the throne as the main character?In addition, Yorozuya make a trip back down to red-light district of Yoshiwara to aid an elderly courtesan in her search for her long-lost lover. Although the district is no longer in chains beneath the earth's surface, the trio soon learn of the tragic backstories of Yoshiwara's inhabitants that still haunt them. With flashback after flashback, this quest has Yorozuya witnessing everlasting love and protecting it as best they can with their hearts and souls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The elite members of Shuchiin Academy's student council continue their competitive day-to-day antics. Council president Miyuki Shirogane clashes daily against vice-president Kaguya Shinomiya, each fighting tooth and nail to trick the other into confessing their romantic love. Kaguya struggles within the strict confines of her wealthy, uptight family, rebelling against her cold default demeanor as she warms to Shirogane and the rest of her friends.Meanwhile, council treasurer Yuu Ishigami suffers under the weight of his hopeless crush on Tsubame Koyasu, a popular upperclassman who helps to instill a new confidence in him. Miko Iino, the newest student council member, grows closer to the rule-breaking Ishigami while striving to overcome her own authoritarian moral code.As love further blooms at Shuchiin Academy, the student council officers drag their outsider friends into increasingly comedic conflicts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hundreds of years ago, the Chinese zodiac spirits and their god swore to stay together eternally. United by this promise, the possessed members of the Souma family shall always return to each other under any circumstances. Yet, when these bonds shackle them from freedom, it becomes an undesirable burden—a curse. As head of the clan, Akito is convinced that he shares a special connection with the other Soumas. While he desperately clings to this fantasy, the rest of the family remains isolated and suppressed by the fear of punishment.Tooru Honda, who has grown attached to the Soumas, is determined to break the chains that bind them. Her companionship with the family and her friends encourages her to move forward with lifting the curse. However, due to confounding revelations, she struggles to find the tenacity to continue her endeavors. With time slowly withering away, Tooru contends with an uncertain future in hopes of reaching the tranquility that may lie beyond all this commotion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After joining the resistance against the bakufu, Gintoki and the gang are in hiding, along with Katsura and his Joui rebels. The Yorozuya is soon approached by Nobume Imai and two members of the Kiheitai, who explain that the Harusame pirates have turned against 7th Division Captain Kamui and their former ally Takasugi. The Kiheitai present Gintoki with a job: find Takasugi, who has been missing since his ship was ambushed in a Harusame raid. Nobume also makes a stunning revelation regarding the Tendoushuu, a secret organization pulling the strings of numerous factions, and their leader Utsuro, the shadowy figure with an uncanny resemblance to Gintoki's former teacher.Hitching a ride on Sakamoto's space ship, the Yorozuya and Katsura set out for Rakuyou, Kagura's home planet, where the various factions have gathered and tensions are brewing. Long-held grudges, political infighting, and the Tendoushuu's sinister overarching plan finally culminate into a massive, decisive battle on Rakuyou.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Edo is a city that was home to the vigor and ambition of samurai across the country. However, following feudal Japan's surrender to powerful aliens known as the "Amanto," those aspirations now seem unachievable. With the once-influential shogunate rebuilt as a puppet government, a new law is passed that promptly prohibits all swords in public. Enter Gintoki Sakata, an eccentric silver-haired man who always carries around a wooden sword and maintains his stature as a samurai despite the ban. As the founder of Yorozuya, a small business for odd jobs, Gintoki often embarks on endeavors to help other people—though usually in rather strange and unforeseen ways. Assisted by Shinpachi Shimura, a boy with glasses supposedly learning the way of the samurai; Kagura, a tomboyish girl with superhuman strength and an endless appetite; and Sadaharu, their giant pet dog who loves biting on people's heads, the Yorozuya encounter anything from alien royalty to scuffles with local gangs in the ever-changing world of Edo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tomoya Okazaki and Nagisa Furukawa have graduated from high school, and together, they experience the emotional rollercoaster of growing up. Unable to decide on a course for his future, Tomoya learns the value of a strong work ethic and discovers the strength of Nagisa's support. Through the couple's dedication and unity of purpose, they push forward to confront their personal problems, deepen their old relationships, and create new bonds.Time also moves on in the Illusionary World. As the plains grow cold with the approach of winter, the Illusionary Girl and the Garbage Doll are presented with a difficult situation that reveals the World's true purpose.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a wild youth, elementary school student Shouya Ishida sought to beat boredom in the cruelest ways. When the deaf Shouko Nishimiya transfers into his class, Shouya and the rest of his class thoughtlessly bully her for fun. However, when her mother notifies the school, he is singled out and blamed for everything done to her. With Shouko transferring out of the school, Shouya is left at the mercy of his classmates. He is heartlessly ostracized all throughout elementary and middle school, while teachers turn a blind eye.Now in his third year of high school, Shouya is still plagued by his wrongdoings as a young boy. Sincerely regretting his past actions, he sets out on a journey of redemption: to meet Shouko once more and make amends.Koe no Katachi tells the heartwarming tale of Shouya's reunion with Shouko and his honest attempts to redeem himself, all while being continually haunted by the shadows of his past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Maomao, an apothecary's daughter, has been plucked from her peaceful life and sold to the lowest echelons of the imperial court. Now merely a maid, Maomao settles into her new mundane life and hides her extensive knowledge of medicine in order to avoid any unwanted attention.Not long after Maomao's arrival, the emperor's infant children inexplicably begin to experience grave symptoms—almost as if a curse has been cast. The curious Maomao easily solves the mystery and, to remain out of the limelight, attempts to leave an anonymous tip. Unfortunately, the dashing and perceptive eunuch Jinshi sees through it and manages to single her out.In recognition of her talent, Maomao is promoted to lady-in-waiting for the emperor's favorite concubine, Gyokuyou. As Maomao continues to remedy the numerous ailments afflicting the imperial court, her pharmaceutical expertise quickly proves indispensable.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Now in his second year of high school, Rei Kiriyama continues pushing through his struggles in the professional shogi world as well as his personal life. Surrounded by vibrant personalities at the shogi hall, the school club, and in the local community, his solitary shell slowly begins to crack. Among them are the three Kawamoto sisters—Akari, Hinata, and Momo—who forge an affectionate and familial bond with Rei. Through these ties, he realizes that everyone is burdened by their own emotional hardships and begins learning how to rely on others while supporting them in return. Nonetheless, the life of a professional is not easy. Between tournaments, championships, and title matches, the pressure mounts as Rei advances through the ranks and encounters incredibly skilled opponents. As he manages his relationships with those who have grown close to him, the shogi player continues to search for the reason he plays the game that defines his career.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One year has passed since the Black Rebellion, a failed uprising against the Holy Britannian Empire led by the masked vigilante Zero, who is now missing. At a loss without their revolutionary leader, Area 11's resistance group—the Black Knights—find themselves too powerless to combat the brutality inflicted upon the Elevens by Britannia, which has increased significantly in order to crush any hope of a future revolt. Lelouch Lamperouge, having lost all memory of his double life, is living peacefully alongside his friends as a high school student at Ashford Academy. His former partner C.C., unable to accept this turn of events, takes it upon herself to remind him of his past purpose, hoping that the mastermind Zero will rise once again to finish what he started, in this thrilling conclusion to the series.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Gintoki apprehends a movie pirate at a premiere, he checks the camera's footage and finds himself transported to a bleak, post-apocalyptic version of Edo, where a mysterious epidemic called the "White Plague" has ravished the world's population. It turns out that the movie pirate wasn't a pirate after all—it was an android time machine, and Gintoki has been hurtled five years into the future! Shinpachi and Kagura, his Yorozuya cohorts, have had a falling out and are now battle-hardened solo vigilantes and he himself has been missing for years, disappearing without a trace after scribbling a strange message in his journal.Setting out in the disguise given to him by the android time machine, Gintoki haphazardly reunites the Yorozuya team to investigate the White Plague, and soon discovers that the key to saving the future lies in the darkness of his own past. Determined to confront a powerful foe, he makes an important discovery—with a ragtag band of friends and allies at his side, he doesn't have to fight alone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the wake of Eren Yeager's cataclysmic actions, his friends and former enemies form an alliance against his genocidal rampage. Though once bitter foes, Armin Arlert, Mikasa Ackerman, and the remaining members of the Scout Regiment join forces with Reiner Braun and the survivors of the Marleyan military. Their meager united front sets out on a mission to stop Eren's wrath and—if possible—save their old comrade in the process.As Eren pushes forward at any cost, he battles his own internal turmoil. Although he feels immense remorse over his horrific invasion, Eren believes he harbors noble intentions: he believes the path ahead is the only way to save his friends and, to a greater extent, his people.The opposing battalions spiral toward an inevitable final clash that may claim the lives of millions. Though they face an army of monsters beyond anything they could have previously imagined, Mikasa, Armin, and their allies stand brave in the face of certain doom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an eventful winter break, Kyoutarou Ichikawa and Anna Yamada reunite with a stronger bond. They continue to grow in their own ways, with Yamada taking on more challenging photoshoots and Ichikawa maturing both physically and emotionally as he tackles his affections for Yamada. However, spending time together outside of school allows for their relationship to deepen, and it becomes increasingly difficult to deny their budding romantic feelings.Grappling with these unexpected and new emotions, Ichikawa and Yamada realize that, with the passage of time, their relationship is bound to change—and they must ultimately decide whether they wish to remain close friends or finally become a couple.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the temporary retreat of the Altana Liberation Army from the Kabuki District, the state of the war has seemingly improved. However, as the Oniwaban, Shinsengumi, and residents of the district combat the army's remnants, Edo's greatest inventor Gengai Hiraga is abducted. Responsible for causing the enemy's withdrawal by rendering their weapons useless, Gengai's nanomachine virus is now at risk of being shut down.Meanwhile, a laser capable of obliterating a planet is activated in Earth's orbit on the Liberation Army's mother ship. Another battle ensues when Shinsuke Takasugi and the rest of the Kiheitai arrive on the vessel to stop the weapon from firing. Forced to fight a war on two fronts, the Yorozuya and their allies must prevail on both sides to save Edo and the rest of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dr. Kenzou Tenma, an elite neurosurgeon recently engaged to his hospital director's daughter, is well on his way to ascending the hospital hierarchy. That is until one night, a seemingly small event changes Dr. Tenma's life forever. While preparing to perform surgery on someone, he gets a call from the hospital director telling him to switch patients and instead perform life-saving brain surgery on a famous performer. His fellow doctors, fiancée, and the hospital director applaud his accomplishment; but because of the switch, a poor immigrant worker is dead, causing Dr. Tenma to have a crisis of conscience.So when a similar situation arises, Dr. Tenma stands his ground and chooses to perform surgery on the young boy Johan Liebert instead of the town's mayor. Unfortunately, this choice leads to serious ramifications for Dr. Tenma—losing his social standing being one of them. However, with the mysterious death of the director and two other doctors, Dr. Tenma's position is restored. With no evidence to convict him, he is released and goes on to attain the position of hospital director. Nine years later when Dr. Tenma saves the life of a criminal, his past comes back to haunt him—once again, he comes face to face with the monster he operated on. He must now embark on a quest of pursuit to make amends for the havoc spread by the one he saved.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following an encounter with oddity specialist Izuko Gaen, third-year high school student Koyomi Araragi wakes up in a strange, deserted void only to be greeted by a joyfully familiar face in an alarmingly unfamiliar place.  Araragi, with the help of his girlfriend Hitagi Senjougahara, maneuvers through the webs of his past and the perplexities of the present in search of answers. However, fate once again delivers him to the eccentric transfer student Ougi Oshino, who brings forth an unexpected proposal that may unearth the very foundation to which he is anchored. As Araragi peels back the layers of mystery surrounding an apparition, he discovers a truth not meant to be revealed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Several years have passed since the end of The Great War. As the radio tower in Leidenschaftlich continues to be built, telephones will soon become more relevant, leading to a decline in demand for "Auto Memory Dolls." Even so, Violet Evergarden continues to rise in fame after her constant success with writing letters. However, sometimes the one thing you long for is the one thing that does not appear.Violet Evergarden Movie follows Violet as she continues to comprehend the concept of emotion and the meaning of love. At the same time, she pursues a glimmer of hope that the man who once told her, "I love you," may still be alive even after the many years that have passed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 2006, and the halls of Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School echo with the endless bickering and intense debate between two inseparable best friends. Exuding unshakeable confidence, Satoru Gojou and Suguru Getou believe there is no challenge too great for young and powerful Special Grade sorcerers such as themselves. They are tasked with safely delivering a sensible girl named Riko Amanai to the entity whose existence is the very essence of the jujutsu world. However, the mission plunges them into an exhausting swirl of moral conflict that threatens to destroy the already feeble amity between sorcerers and ordinary humans.Twelve years later, students and sorcerers are the frontline defense against the rising number of high-level curses born from humans' negative emotions. As the entities grow in power, their self-awareness and ambition increase too. The curses unite for the common goal of eradicating humans and creating a world of only cursed energy users, led by a dangerous, ancient cursed spirit. To dispose of their greatest obstacle—the strongest sorcerer, Gojou—they orchestrate an attack at Shibuya Station on Halloween. Dividing into teams, the sorcerers enter the fight prepared to risk everything to protect the innocent and their own kind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mitsuha Miyamizu, a high school girl, yearns to live the life of a boy in the bustling city of Tokyo—a dream that stands in stark contrast to her present life in the countryside. Meanwhile in the city, Taki Tachibana lives a busy life as a high school student while juggling his part-time job and hopes for a future in architecture.One day, Mitsuha awakens in a room that is not her own and suddenly finds herself living the dream life in Tokyo—but in Taki's body! Elsewhere, Taki finds himself living Mitsuha's life in the humble countryside. In pursuit of an answer to this strange phenomenon, they begin to search for one another.Kimi no Na wa. revolves around Mitsuha and Taki's actions, which begin to have a dramatic impact on each other's lives, weaving them into a fabric held together by fate and circumstance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the successful Sanyou campaign, the Qin army, including 1,000-Man Commander Xin, inches ever closer to fulfilling King Ying Zheng's dream of unifying China. With a major geographical foothold in the state of Wei now under its control, Qin sets its sights eastward toward the remaining warring states.Meanwhile Li Mu—an unparalleled strategist and the newly appointed prime minister of the state of Zhao—has taken advantage of Zhao's temporary truce with Qin to negotiate with the other states without interruption. Seemingly without warning, Ying Zheng receives news that armies from the states of Chu, Zhao, Wei, Han, Yan, and Qi have crossed into Qin territory. Realizing too late the purpose behind Li Mu's truce with Qin, Zheng quickly gathers his advisors to devise a plan to address the six-state coalition army on their doorstep. For the first time in history, the state of Qin faces complete destruction and must use every resource and strategy at their disposal to prevent themselves from being wiped off the map.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After his father's death and the destruction of his village at the hands of English raiders, Einar wishes for a peaceful life with his family on their newly rebuilt farms. However, fate has other plans: his village is invaded once again. Einar watches helplessly as the marauding Danes burn his lands and slaughter his family. The invaders capture Einar and take him back to Denmark as a slave. Einar clings to his mother's final words to survive. He is purchased by Ketil, a kind slave owner and landlord who promises that Einar can regain his freedom in return for working in the fields. Soon, Einar encounters his new partner in farm cultivation—Thorfinn, a dejected and melancholic slave. As Einar and Thorfinn work together toward their freedom, they are haunted by both sins of the past and the ploys of the present. Yet they carry on, grasping for a glimmer of hope, redemption, and peace in a world that is nothing but unjust and unforgiving.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the fierce battle on Rakuyou, the untold past and true goal of the immortal Naraku leader, Utsuro, are finally revealed. By corrupting the Altana reserves of several planets, Utsuro has successfully triggered the intervention of the Tendoshuu’s greatest enemy: the Altana Liberation Army. With Earth as the main battleground in this interplanetary war, Utsuro's master plan to destroy the planet—and himself—is nearly complete. An attack on the O-Edo Central Terminal marks the beginning of the final battle to take back the land of the samurai. With the Yorozuya nowhere in sight, the bakufu all but collapsed, and the Shogun missing, the people are left completely helpless as the Liberation Army begins pillaging Edo in the name of freeing them from the Tendoshuu's rule. Caught in the crossfire between two equally imposing forces, can Gintoki, Kagura, Shinpachi, and the former students of Shouyou Yoshida put aside their differences and unite their allies to protect what they hold dear?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yearning to make friends and perform live with a band, lonely and socially anxious Hitori "Bocchi" Gotou devotes her time to playing the guitar. On a fateful day, Bocchi meets the outgoing drummer Nijika Ijichi, who invites her to join Kessoku Band when their guitarist, Ikuyo Kita, flees before their first show. Soon after, Bocchi meets her final bandmate—the cool bassist Ryou Yamada. Although their first performance together is subpar, the girls feel empowered by their shared love for music, and they are soon rejoined by Kita. Finding happiness in performing, Bocchi and her bandmates put their hearts into improving as musicians while making the most of their fleeting high school days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama is now maturing and understanding his role as a supernatural psychic that has the power to drastically affect the livelihood of others. He and his mentor Reigen Arataka continue to deal with supernatural requests from clients, whether it be exorcizing evil spirits or tackling urban legends that haunt the citizens.While the workflow remains the same, Mob isn't just blindly following Reigen around anymore. With all his experiences as a ridiculously strong psychic, Mob's supernatural adventures now have more weight to them. Things take on a serious and darker tone as the dangers Mob and Reigen face are much more tangible and unsettling than ever before.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gabi Braun and Falco Grice have been training their entire lives to inherit one of the seven Titans under Marley's control and aid their nation in eradicating the Eldians on Paradis. However, just as all seems well for the two cadets, their peace is suddenly shaken by the arrival of Eren Yeager and the remaining members of the Survey Corps.Having finally reached the Yeager family basement and learned about the dark history surrounding the Titans, the Survey Corps has at long last found the answer they so desperately fought to uncover. With the truth now in their hands, the group set out for the world beyond the walls.In Shingeki no Kyojin: The Final Season, two utterly different worlds collide as each party pursues its own agenda in the long-awaited conclusion to Paradis' fight for freedom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shohoku's "speedster" and point guard, Ryouta Miyagi, always plays with brains and lightning speed, running circles around his opponents while feigning composure. Born and raised in Okinawa, Ryouta had a brother who was three years older. Following in the footsteps of his older brother, who was a famous local player from a young age, Ryouta also became addicted to basketball.In his second year of high school, Ryouta plays with the Shohoku High School basketball team along with Sakuragi, Rukawa, Akagi, and Mitsui as they take the stage at the Inter-High School National Championship. And now, they are on the brink of challenging the reigning champions, Sannoh Kogyo High School.(Source: GKIDS, edited)After the victory against Aoba Jousai High, Karasuno High School, once called “a fallen powerhouse, a crow that can’t fly,” has finally reached the climax of the heated Spring tournament. Now, to advance to nationals, the Karasuno team has to defeat the powerhouse Shiratorizawa Academy. Karasuno’s greatest hurdle is their adversary’s ace, Wakatoshi Ushijima, the number one player in the Miyagi Prefecture, and one of the country’s top three aces.Only the strongest team will make it to the national tournament. Since this match is the third-year players’ last chance to qualify for nationals, Karasuno has to use everything they learned during the training camp and prior matches to attain victory. Filled with restlessness and excitement, both teams are determined to come out on top in the third season of Haikyuu!!.[Written by MAL Rewrite] After their first kiss, Kaguya Shinomiya and Miyuki Shirogane are left unsure where their relationship stands. The troubling uncertainty of whether they could be considered an official couple unleashes newfound problems as both Kaguya and Shirogane struggle to sort out their feelings.While the lovestruck student council officers fret, the Christmas season rolls around, and romance is in the air. In the face of widespread tenderness, Kaguya and Shirogane must endure their affectionate battle of wits once more. Should they reconcile their feelings for one another, they may find themselves within reach of what they have both been longing for so long: true love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After helping revive the legendary vampire Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade, Koyomi Araragi has become a vampire himself and her servant. Kiss-shot is certain she can turn him back into a human, but only once regaining her full power. Araragi has hunted down the three vampire hunters that defeated Kiss-shot and retrieved her limbs to return her to full strength. However, now that Araragi has almost accomplished what he’s been fighting for this whole time, he has to consider if this is what he really wants. Once he revives this powerful immortal vampire, there is no telling what she might do, and there would be no way of stopping her.But there is more to the story that Araragi doesn’t understand. If a newborn vampire like him could defeat the hunters, how did they overpower Kiss-shot? Can he trust her to turn him back to a human? And how is that even possible in the first place?Araragi is at his limit but he must come to a decision, and it may not be possible to resolve this situation without doing something he’ll regret…[Written by MAL Rewrite]Stubborn, spoiled, and naïve, 10-year-old Chihiro Ogino is less than pleased when she and her parents discover an abandoned amusement park on the way to their new house. Cautiously venturing inside, she realizes that there is more to this place than meets the eye, as strange things begin to happen once dusk falls. Ghostly apparitions and food that turns her parents into pigs are just the start—Chihiro has unwittingly crossed over into the spirit world. Now trapped, she must summon the courage to live and work amongst spirits, with the help of the enigmatic Haku and the cast of unique characters she meets along the way.Vivid and intriguing, Sen to Chihiro no Kamikakushi tells the story of Chihiro's journey through an unfamiliar world as she strives to save her parents and return home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In his father's absence, teenager Ippo Makunouchi works hard to help his mother run her fishing boat rental business. Ippo's timid nature, his lack of sleep, and the sea smell make him an easy target for relentless bullies who leave him bruised and beaten on a daily basis. Mamoru Takamura, an up-and-coming boxer, rescues Ippo from a violent after-school incident and takes him back to the Kamogawa Boxing Gym for recovery. Takamura and his fellow boxers, Masaru Aoki and Tatsuya Kimura, are stunned by Ippo's powerful punches—a result of strong muscles developed through years serving his physically taxing family business. Following brief training under Takamura, Ippo impresses the other boxers in a practice match against prodigy Ichirou Miyata. He gains a rival in Miyata and a coach in Genji Kamogawa, the gym owner and a former boxer himself. As Ippo takes the first steps in his official boxing career, he faces off against a series of challenging opponents, each more powerful than the last. Victory, loss, and a cycle of dedicated training await Ippo on his journey to achieve greatness. With his tough body and unstoppable fighting spirit, the kind young man seeks to take on the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Turning against his former allies and enemies alike, Eren Yeager sets a disastrous plan in motion. Under the guidance of the Beast Titan, Zeke, Eren takes extreme measures to end the ancient conflict between Marley and Eldia—but his true intentions remain a mystery. Delving deep into his family's past, Eren fights to control his own destiny.Meanwhile, the long-feuding nations of Marley and Eldia utilize both soldiers and Titans in a brutal race to eliminate the other. Reiner Braun uses his own powers in a desperate bid to hold off Eren's own militaristic force, and his fellow Eldians—children Falco Grice and Gabi Braun—struggle to survive in the unfolding chaos.Elsewhere, Eren's childhood friends Mikasa Ackerman and Armin Arlert remain imprisoned alongside Eren's former Survey Corps companions, all disturbed by Eren's monstrous transformation. Under the blind belief that Eren still secretly harbors good intentions, Mikasa and the others enter the fray in an attempt to save their friend's very soul.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Apparitions, oddities, and gods continue to manifest around Koyomi Araragi and his close-knit group of friends: Tsubasa Hanekawa, the group's modest genius; Shinobu Oshino, the resident doughnut-loving vampire; athletic deviant Suruga Kanbaru; bite-happy spirit Mayoi Hachikuji; Koyomi's cutesy stalker Nadeko Sengoku; and Hitagi Senjougahara, Koyomi's aloof classmate.Monogatari Series: Second Season revolves around these individuals and their struggle to overcome the darkness that is rapidly approaching. A new semester has begun and with graduation looming over Koyomi, he must quickly decide the paths he will walk, as well as the relationships and friends that he'll save. But as strange events begin to unfold, Koyomi is nowhere to be found, and a vicious tiger apparition has appeared in his absence. Hanekawa has become its target, and she must fend for herself—or bow to the creature's perspective on the feebleness of humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The devastation of the Mugen Train incident still weighs heavily on the members of the Demon Slayer Corps. Despite being given time to recover, life must go on, as the wicked never sleep: a vicious demon is terrorizing the alluring women of the Yoshiwara Entertainment District. The Sound Hashira, Tengen Uzui, and his three wives are on the case. However, when he soon loses contact with his spouses, Tengen fears the worst and enlists the help of Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, and Inosuke Hashibira to infiltrate the district's most prominent houses and locate the depraved Upper Rank Demon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth season of Kingdom.Crime is timeless. By the year 2071, humanity has expanded across the galaxy, filling the surface of other planets with settlements like those on Earth. These new societies are plagued by murder, drug use, and theft, and intergalactic outlaws are hunted by a growing number of tough bounty hunters.Spike Spiegel and Jet Black pursue criminals throughout space to make a humble living. Beneath his goofy and aloof demeanor, Spike is haunted by the weight of his violent past. Meanwhile, Jet manages his own troubled memories while taking care of Spike and the Bebop, their ship. The duo is joined by the beautiful con artist Faye Valentine, odd child Edward Wong Hau Pepelu Tivrusky IV, and Ein, a bioengineered Welsh Corgi.While developing bonds and working to catch a colorful cast of criminals, the Bebop crew's lives are disrupted by a menace from Spike's past. As a rival's maniacal plot continues to unravel, Spike must choose between life with his newfound family or revenge for his old wounds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Young Thorfinn grew up listening to the stories of old sailors that had traveled the ocean and reached the place of legend, Vinland. It's said to be warm and fertile, a place where there would be no need for fighting—not at all like the frozen village in Iceland where he was born, and certainly not like his current life as a mercenary. War is his home now. Though his father once told him, "You have no enemies, nobody does. There is nobody who it's okay to hurt," as he grew, Thorfinn knew that nothing was further from the truth.The war between England and the Danes grows worse with each passing year. Death has become commonplace, and the viking mercenaries are loving every moment of it. Allying with either side will cause a massive swing in the balance of power, and the vikings are happy to make names for themselves and take any spoils they earn along the way. Among the chaos, Thorfinn must take his revenge and kill Askeladd, the man who murdered his father. The only paradise for the vikings, it seems, is the era of war and death that rages on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the conclusion of the large-scale coalition campaign, the entirety of China is in a state of economic recovery. The victor of the battle, the state of Qin, is no different. There, the political parties led by Ying Zheng and Buwei Lü continue their inner conflict. Having played the role of king in the coalition battle, Zheng has the trust of the people—but Lü is far from out of the fight. In 18 months, he plans to interrupt Zheng's coming-of-age ceremony.Meanwhile, a Zhao army numbering 20,000 troops has set out toward Qin. In the royal court, due to the lack of generals capable of responding to the incoming threat, Lü slyly suggests that Zheng take command. However, Cheng Jiao, Zheng's half-brother, volunteers instead. As they grew to trust each other during the coalition battle, Zheng now accepts Jiao as his replacement.However, the Zhao forces retreat a mere half-day after clashing with Jiao's army. With trouble quickly brewing in the shadows, the internal struggle of Qin is only complicated further. There are only two men Zheng feels he can rely on: Bi, a general who commands 30,000 men; and Xin, the leader of the Fei Xin force.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yabuki Joe is left downhearted and hopeless after a certain tragic event. In attempt to put the past behind him, Joe leaves the gym behind and begins wandering. On his travels he comes across the likes of Wolf Kanagushi and Goromaki Gondo, men who unintentionally fan the dying embers inside him, leading him to putting his wanderings to an end. His return home puts Joe back on the path to boxing, but unknown to himself and his trainer, he now suffers deep-set issues holding him back from fighting. In attempt to quell those issues, Carlos Rivera, a world renowned boxer is invited from Venezuela to help Joe recover.Ghostly, primordial beings known as Mushi continue to cause mysterious changes in the lives of humans. The travelling Mushishi, Ginko, persists in trying to set right the strange and unsettling situations he encounters. Time loops, living shadows, and telepathy are among the overt effects of interference from Mushi, but more subtle symptoms that take years to be noticed also rouse Ginko's concern as he passes from village to village.Through circumstance, Ginko has become an arbiter, determining which Mushi are blessings and which are curses. But the lines that he seeks to draw are subjective. Some of his patients would rather exercise their new powers until they are utterly consumed by them; others desperately strive to rid themselves of afflictions which are in fact protecting their lives from devastation. Those who cross paths with Mushi must learn to accept seemingly impossible consequences for their actions, and heal wounds they did not know they had. Otherwise, they risk meeting with fates beyond their comprehension.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Barely surviving in a barrel after passing through a terrible whirlpool at sea, carefree Monkey D. Luffy ends up aboard a ship under attack by fearsome pirates. Despite being a naive-looking teenager, he is not to be underestimated. Unmatched in battle, Luffy is a pirate himself who resolutely pursues the coveted One Piece treasure and the King of the Pirates title that comes with it.The late King of the Pirates, Gol D. Roger, stirred up the world before his death by disclosing the whereabouts of his hoard of riches and daring everyone to obtain it. Ever since then, countless powerful pirates have sailed dangerous seas for the prized One Piece only to never return. Although Luffy lacks a crew and a proper ship, he is endowed with a superhuman ability and an unbreakable spirit that make him not only a formidable adversary but also an inspiration to many.As he faces numerous challenges with a big smile on his face, Luffy gathers one-of-a-kind companions to join him in his ambitious endeavor, together embracing perils and wonders on their once-in-a-lifetime adventure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the ensemble contest behind them, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band now aim to win a gold medal at the national competition. For third-year club president Kumiko Oumae and her friends, it is their last chance before graduation. Filled with anticipation and anxiety, Kumiko worries if she can successfully lead the band.Amid her struggles, Kumiko encounters transfer student Mayu Kuroe. From her gentle demeanor to her talented euphonium skills, Mayu was a member of the Seira Girls' School concert band—a regular at nationals. While Mayu is friendly, Kumiko cannot help but have an indescribable feeling from their meeting.As new members arrive and plans are set in motion, the club, with an insatiable hunger for a gold medal, learns what it truly takes to propel themselves to reach the national level.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo!Within the narrow walls of the Outdoor Activities Club room, the few but lively members carry on the camping spirit as they have fun with DIY club experiments. Exciting experiences such as these have brought Nadeshiko Kagamihara deep into the world of camping, making her want to once again go on a solo trip.However, other plans come first, as Ayano Toki and Rin Shima invite Nadeshiko to camp near Ooi River. Eager to go on their first journey together, the girls set off to forge precious memories that will stick with their hearts for years to come.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sequel movies to Haikyuu!! To the Top.Even after having risen to the utmost rank of shin'uchi, Yotarou struggles to find his own identity in the world of rakugo. Caught between his master's teachings and the late Sukeroku's unique style, his performance lacks an important ingredient—ego. And while his popularity packs the theaters, he is but one of the few; rakugo is under threat of being eclipsed.Meanwhile Yakumo, regarded by many as the last bastion of preserving the popularity of rakugo, struggles to cope with his elderly state. Even though his performances are still stellar, he fears that he is nearing his limits. His doubts grow stronger as an old friend creeps ever closer. Konatsu, for her part, attempts to raise her son as a single mother, which Yotarou is heavily opposed to. Instead, he seeks to persuade her to marry him and in turn raise her son as his own.In Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu: Sukeroku Futatabi-hen, the curtains fall on Yotarou and Yakumo's story, tasked with restoring the near-obsolete art form as well as overcoming their internal conflicts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After foiling a world-threatening plot, Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama returns to tackle the more exhausting aspects of his mundane life—starting with filling out his school's nerve-racking career form. Meanwhile, he continues to assist his mentor Arataka Reigen and the office's new recruit, Katsuya Serizawa, in solving paranormal cases of their clients. While continuing his duties, Mob also works on gaining more independence in his esper and human lives, as well as trying to integrate better with the people around him.However, new supernatural and ordinary challenges test Mob’s emotional stability and force him to confront the realities around him. As he strives to continue forward on the path to maturity, Mob must resolve his emotional crises and reassess the naivety he has held on for so long.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When mankind's savagery surpasses his fear of death, there is little hope for those who wish to live honest lives. Beneath a full moon, a young boy witnesses the murder of the bandits who had enslaved him, and is then christened with a new name by the man who rescued him. This boy is Shinta, now known as Kenshin Himura, and he is destined to become a swordsman. The softness of his heart does not befit the occupation, but his desire to protect the innocent is absolute.Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan - Tsuioku-hen details the origins of the man who would bear the name of Hitokiri Battousai long before he swore his oath not to kill and before he earned his reputation as an assassin. The young man's heart is divided between justice and corruption, while the fate of a nation rests on his actions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The disappearance of the Spearhead Squadron beyond the horizon does little to hide the intensity of the Republic of San Magnolia's endless propaganda. Vladilena Milizé continues to operate as "Handler One," the commander of yet another dehumanized 86th faction's squadron in the continuous war against the Legion.On the Western Front, Shinei Nouzen and his squad are quarantined in a military base controlled by the Federal Republic of Giad, formerly known as the Giadian Empire. The newly-established government grants the saved Eighty-Six full citizenship and freedom. Housed by the president Ernst Zimmerman himself, the group meets his adoptive daughter and the last Empress, Augusta Frederica Adel-Adler.However, within the calm of this tender society, Shinei and his team feel that their purpose is on the battlefield. Before long, they are once again in the midst of the Legion's onslaught as a part of the Federacy's Nordlicht Squadron, accompanied by Augusta Frederica. But, as history repeats itself, they realize that no matter the side, death and pain on the front lines are the only comfort they know.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2010, the Holy Empire of Britannia is establishing itself as a dominant military nation, starting with the conquest of Japan. Renamed to Area 11 after its swift defeat, Japan has seen significant resistance against these tyrants in an attempt to regain independence.Lelouch Lamperouge, a Britannian student, unfortunately finds himself caught in a crossfire between the Britannian and the Area 11 rebel armed forces. He is able to escape, however, thanks to the timely appearance of a mysterious girl named C.C., who bestows upon him Geass, the "Power of Kings." Realizing the vast potential of his newfound "power of absolute obedience," Lelouch embarks upon a perilous journey as the masked vigilante known as Zero, leading a merciless onslaught against Britannia in order to get revenge once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a brutal surprise attack by the forces of Quincy King Yhwach, the resident Reapers of the Soul Society lick their wounds and mourn their losses. Many of the surviving Soul Reaper captains train to battle without their Bankai, the ultimate technique wielded by the fiercest warriors.In the previous assault, Ichigo Kurosaki narrowly managed to help fend off Yhwach's fearsome wrath. However, to ultimately defeat his godly adversary and save his allies, Ichigo must now undergo severe training that will push him beyond his physical, emotional, and mental limits.Though Yhwach already holds the upper hand in this ongoing blood feud, he also successfully recruits Uryuu Ishida, Ichigo's close friend and rival, to be his successor. Yhwach strikes out once again at the weakened Soul Society, intent on finally obliterating his long-standing enemies. As Ichigo struggles to attain new power, the Soul Reaper captains fight for survival and borrowed time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Twenty-two-year-old Eikichi Onizuka—ex-biker gang leader, conqueror of Shonan, and virgin—has a dream: to become the greatest high school teacher in all of Japan. This isn't because of a passion for teaching, but because he wants a loving teenage wife when he's old and gray. Still, for a perverted, greedy, and lazy delinquent, there is more to Onizuka than meets the eye. So when he lands a job as the homeroom teacher of the Class 3-4 at the prestigious Holy Forest Academy—despite suplexing the Vice Principal—all of his talents are put to the test, as this class is particularly infamous.Due to their utter contempt for all teachers, the class' students use psychological warfare to mentally break any new homeroom teacher they get, forcing them to quit and leave school. However, Onizuka isn't your average teacher, and he's ready for any challenge in his way.Bullying, suicide, and sexual harassment are just a few of the issues his students face daily. By tackling the roots of their problems, Onizuka supports them with his unpredictable and unconventional methods—even if it means jumping off a building to save a suicidal child. Thanks to his eccentric charm and fun-loving nature, Class 3-4 slowly learns just how enjoyable school can be when you're the pupils of the Great Teacher Onizuka.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Perceived as strange and feared by man, over time the misshapen ones came to be known as Mushi. Although they harbor no ill intentions towards humans, many suffer from the side effects of their existence and strange nature; exploiting the Mushi without understanding them, even unintentionally, can lead to disaster and strife for any involved. Mushishi Zoku Shou continues the story of Mushishi Ginko on his journey to help the visible world to coexist with the Mushi.During his travels, Ginko discovers various gifted individuals—those cursed by circumstance and those maintaining a fragile symbiosis with the Mushi—inevitably confronting the question of whether humanity, talented and tortured alike, can manage the responsibility of the unseen. Moreover, as a Mushishi, Ginko must learn more about these strange beings and decide if he has the right to interfere with the complex relationships between Mushi and mankind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is said that a picture is worth a thousand words. In this case, it holds an infinite amount of secrets. These are secrets that only Cheng Xiaoshi and Lu Guang are able to find. In a small shop called "Time Photo Studio," the two friends provide a special service: using their extraordinary powers that let them enter photographs, they jump into pictures brought to them by clients in order to grant their wishes. Through the eyes of the photographer, they live through the events surrounding the picture and try to decipher how to solve their client's request.But every time they jump into a picture, they take a great risk. One wrong move and they could alter the future of the person who took the picture... and possibly countless other events too. So when the events they are forced to live through in these pictures start to become personal, it will take the utmost strength to push their feelings aside and focus on accomplishing the task they were paid to do.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although most gods in the heavenly realm avoid dealing with the forgotten god Xie Lian, Heavenly Emperor Jun Wu holds him in good graces. Xie Lian's luck is otherwise terrible, and adding to his troubles, the gods seem to suspect that Xie Lian's recent companion was the dreaded Ghost King Hua Cheng. Despite what others may think of him, Xie Lian fondly recalls Hua Cheng's promise: the next time they meet, Hua Cheng will appear in his true form.Jun Wu informs Xie Lian of the unsettling news that a god's distress signal was seen coming from the Ghost City—the most prosperous place in the ghost realm, where the only law is Hua Cheng himself. As Xie Lian has no qualms about stepping into Hua Cheng's territory, he infiltrates the city to locate the lost god. There, the genuine Hua Cheng is already waiting. He is the most feared being across the three realms, yet before Xie Lian, his arrogance erodes. Without revealing the reason for his generosity, he spares no power or means to ease the burdens of Xie Lian's endlessly unfortunate past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Great War finally came to an end after four long years of conflict; fractured in two, the continent of Telesis slowly began to flourish once again. Caught up in the bloodshed was Violet Evergarden, a young girl raised for the sole purpose of decimating enemy lines. Hospitalized and maimed in a bloody skirmish during the War's final leg, she was left with only words from the person she held dearest, but with no understanding of their meaning.Recovering from her wounds, Violet starts a new life working at CH Postal Services after a falling out with her new intended guardian family. There, she witnesses by pure chance the work of an "Auto Memory Doll," amanuenses that transcribe people's thoughts and feelings into words on paper. Moved by the notion, Violet begins work as an Auto Memory Doll, a trade that will take her on an adventure, one that will reshape the lives of her clients and hopefully lead to self-discovery.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the mysterious mana calamity, Rudeus Greyrat and his fierce student Eris Boreas Greyrat are teleported to the Demon Continent. There, they team up with their newfound companion Ruijerd Supardia—the former leader of the Superd's Warrior group—to form "Dead End," a successful adventurer party. Making a name for themselves, the trio journeys across the continent to make their way back home to Fittoa.Following the advice he received from the faceless god Hitogami, Rudeus saves Kishirika Kishirisu, the Great Emperor of the Demon World, who rewards him by granting him a strange power. Now, as Rudeus masters the powerful ability that offers a number of new opportunities, it might prove to be more than what he bargained for when unexpected dangers threaten to hinder their travels.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eccentric and blunt, the walrus Hiroshi Odokawa lives a relatively normal life. He drives a taxi for a living, and there he meets several unique individuals: the jobless Taichi Kabasawa who is dead-set on going viral, the mysterious nurse Miho Shirakawa, the struggling comedic duo "Homo Sapiens," and Dobu, a well-known delinquent.But Odokawa's simple way of life is about to be turned upside down. The case of a missing girl the police have been tracking leads back to him, and now both the yakuza and a duo of corrupt cops are on his tail.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the entertainment world, celebrities often show exaggerated versions of themselves to the public, concealing their true thoughts and struggles beneath elaborate lies. Fans buy into these fabrications, showering their idols with undying love and support, until something breaks the illusion. Sixteen-year-old rising star Ai Hoshino of pop idol group B Komachi has the world captivated; however, when she announces a hiatus due to health concerns, the news causes many to become worried.As a huge fan of Ai, gynecologist Gorou Amemiya cheers her on from his countryside medical practice, wishing he could meet her in person one day. His wish comes true when Ai shows up at his hospital—not sick, but pregnant with twins! While the doctor promises Ai to safely deliver her children, he wonders if this encounter with the idol will forever change the nature of his relationship with her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japanese Featherweight Champion Ippo Makunouchi has successfully defended and retained his title. Meanwhile, his rival, Ichirou Miyata, has resurfaced in Japan, aiming for his own Featherweight belt in the Oriental Pacific Boxing Federation. When the rest of the world comes knocking, however, will Japan's best fighters rise to the challenge and achieve glory at the top? Or will the small island nation be crushed under the weight of greater entities? This time, champions will become challengers issuing a call to the rest of the world and ready to show off their fighting spirit![Written by MAL Rewrite]The Fifth Holy Grail War in Fuyuki City has reached a turning point in which the lives of all participants are threatened as the hidden enemy finally reveals itself. As Shirou Emiya, Rin Toosaka, and Illyasviel von Einzbern discover the true, corruptive nature of the shadow that has been rampaging throughout the city, they realize just how dire the situation is. In order to protect their beloved ones, the group must hold their own against the seemingly insurmountable enemy force—even if some of those foes were once their allies, or perhaps, something more intimate.As the final act of this chaotic war commences, the ideals Shirou believes will soon be challenged by an excruciating dilemma: is it really possible to save a world where everything seems to have gone wrong?[Written by MAL Rewrite]That jumbled piece of architecture, that cacophony of hissing steam and creaking joints, with smoke billowing from it as it moves on its own... That castle is home to the magnificent wizard Howl, infamous for both his magical prowess and for being a womanizer—or so the rumor goes in Sophie Hatter's small town. Sophie, as the plain daughter of a hatmaker, does not expect much from her future and is content with working hard in the shop. However, Sophie's simple life takes a turn for the exciting when she is ensnared in a disturbing situation, and the mysterious wizard appears to rescue her. Unfortunately, this encounter, brief as it may be, spurs the vain and vengeful Witch of the Waste—in a fit of jealousy caused by a past discord with Howl—to put a curse on the maiden, turning her into an old woman.In an endeavor to return to normal, Sophie must accompany Howl and a myriad of eccentric companions—ranging from a powerful fire demon to a hopping scarecrow—in his living castle, on a dangerous adventure as a raging war tears their kingdom apart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When an Emishi village is attacked by a fierce demon boar, the young prince Ashitaka puts his life at stake to defend his tribe. With its dying breath, the beast curses the prince's arm, granting him demonic powers while gradually siphoning his life away. Instructed by the village elders to travel westward for a cure, Ashitaka arrives at Tatara, the Iron Town, where he finds himself embroiled in a fierce conflict: Lady Eboshi of Tatara, promoting constant deforestation, stands against Princess San and the sacred spirits of the forest, who are furious at the destruction brought by the humans. As the opposing forces of nature and mankind begin to clash in a desperate struggle for survival, Ashitaka attempts to seek harmony between the two, all the while battling the latent demon inside of him. Princess Mononoke is a tale depicting the connection of technology and nature, while showing the path to harmony that could be achieved by mutual acceptance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Mushi": the most basic forms of life in the world. They exist without any goals or purposes aside from simply "being." They are beyond the shackles of the words "good" and "evil." Mushi can exist in countless forms and are capable of mimicking things from the natural world such as plants, diseases, and even phenomena like rainbows.This is, however, just a vague definition of these entities that inhabit the vibrant world of Mushishi, as to even call them a form of life would be an oversimplification. Detailed information on Mushi is scarce because the majority of humans are unaware of their existence.So what are Mushi and why do they exist? This is the question that a "Mushishi," Ginko, ponders constantly. Mushishi are those who research Mushi in hopes of understanding their place in the world's hierarchy of life.Ginko chases rumors of occurrences that could be tied to Mushi, all for the sake of finding an answer.It could, after all, lead to the meaning of life itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Abyss—a gaping chasm stretching down into the depths of the earth, filled with mysterious creatures and relics from a time long past. How did it come to be? What lies at the bottom? Countless brave individuals, known as Divers, have sought to solve these mysteries of the Abyss, fearlessly descending into its darkest realms. The best and bravest of the Divers, the White Whistles, are hailed as legends by those who remain on the surface.Riko, daughter of the missing White Whistle Lyza the Annihilator, aspires to become like her mother and explore the furthest reaches of the Abyss. However, just a novice Red Whistle herself, she is only permitted to roam its most upper layer. Even so, Riko has a chance encounter with a mysterious robot with the appearance of an ordinary young boy. She comes to name him Reg, and he has no recollection of the events preceding his discovery. Certain that the technology to create Reg must come from deep within the Abyss, the two decide to venture forth into the chasm to recover his memories and see the bottom of the great pit with their own eyes. However, they know not of the harsh reality that is the true existence of the Abyss.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Armed Detective Agency is still on the run from the Hunting Dogs, but not all hope is lost. Detective Ranpo Edogawa has a plan to prove the Agency's innocence and save the world from chaos: to find and capture Kamui—the leader of the terrorist organization Decay of the Angel. In order to determine Kamui's whereabouts, Ranpo and his colleague Atsushi Nakajima must convince Ouchi Fukuchi, the renowned captain of the Hunting Dogs, for amnesty. Although Fukuchi was tasked with arresting the members of the Agency, his past with the Agency's president, Yukichi Fukuzawa, may be the key to earning his trust. But unbeknownst to them, Fukuchi might not be as honorable as he proclaims.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After surviving the brutal challenges of Idofront, Riko now possesses a White Whistle, allowing her to descend into the Abyss's sixth layer—The Capital of the Unreturned. Alongside Reg and Nanachi, Riko begins to explore the uncharted domain, where the ruins of the promised Golden City are located.As the trio starts to adapt to the harsh environment, they soon encounter dangerous creatures and treacherous landscapes. Their expedition leads them to a village inhabited by strange beings known as "hollows." Despite the creeping sense of unease that welcomes them, the three venture onward to uncover the mysteries of the settlement and long-lost legacies of the forgotten adventurers who once descended into the horrors of the unexplored Abyss.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takashi Natsume, the timid youkai expert and master of the Book of Friends, continues his journey towards self-understanding and acceptance with the help of friends both new and old. His most important ally is still his gluttonous and sake-loving bodyguard, the arrogant but fiercely protective wolf spirit Madara—or Nyanko-sensei, as Madara is called when in his usual disguise of an unassuming, pudgy cat.Natsume, while briefly separated from Nyanko-sensei, is ambushed and kidnapped by a strange group of masked, monkey-like youkai, who have spirited him away to their forest as they desperately search for the Book of Friends. Realizing that his "servant" has been taken out from right under his nose, Nyanko-sensei enlists the help of Natsume's youkai friends and mounts a rescue operation. However, the forest of the monkey spirits holds many dangerous enemies, including the Matoba Clan, Natsume's old nemesis.Stretching from the formidable hideout of the Matoba to Natsume's own childhood home, Natsume Yuujinchou Shi is a sweeping but familiar return to a world of danger and friendship, where Natsume will finally confront the demons of his own past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kousei Arima is a child prodigy known as the "Human Metronome" for playing the piano with precision and perfection. Guided by a strict mother and rigorous training, Kousei dominates every competition he enters, earning the admiration of his musical peers and praise from audiences. When his mother suddenly passes away, the subsequent trauma makes him unable to hear the sound of a piano, and he never takes the stage thereafter.Nowadays, Kousei lives a quiet and unassuming life as a junior high school student alongside his friends Tsubaki Sawabe and Ryouta Watari. While struggling to get over his mother's death, he continues to cling to music. His monochrome life turns upside down the day he encounters the eccentric violinist Kaori Miyazono, who thrusts him back into the spotlight as her accompanist. Through a little lie, these two young musicians grow closer together as Kaori tries to fill Kousei's world with color.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a slow but eventful summer vacation, Shuchiin Academy's second term is now starting in full force. As August transitions into September, Miyuki Shirogane's birthday looms ever closer, leaving Kaguya Shinomiya in a serious predicament as to how to celebrate it. Furthermore, the tenure of the school's 67th student council is coming to an end. Due to the council members being in different classes, the only time Kaguya and Miyuki have to be together will soon disappear, putting all of their cunning plans at risk.A long and difficult election that will decide the fate of the new student council awaits, as multiple challengers fight for the coveted title of president.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Simon and Kamina were born and raised in a deep, underground village, hidden from the fabled surface. Kamina is a free-spirited loose cannon bent on making a name for himself, while Simon is a timid young boy with no real aspirations. One day while excavating the earth, Simon stumbles upon a mysterious object that turns out to be the ignition key to an ancient artifact of war, which the duo dubs Lagann. Using their new weapon, Simon and Kamina fend off a surprise attack from the surface with the help of Yoko Littner, a hot-blooded redhead wielding a massive gun who wanders the world above.In the aftermath of the battle, the sky is now in plain view, prompting Simon and Kamina to set off on a journey alongside Yoko to explore the wastelands of the surface. Soon, they join the fight against the "Beastmen," humanoid creatures that terrorize the remnants of humanity in powerful robots called "Gunmen." Although they face some challenges and setbacks, the trio bravely fights these new enemies alongside other survivors to reclaim the surface, while slowly unraveling a galaxy-sized mystery.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following their participation at the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team attempts to refocus their efforts, aiming to conquer the Spring tournament instead. When they receive an invitation from long-standing rival Nekoma High, Karasuno agrees to take part in a large training camp alongside many notable volleyball teams in Tokyo and even some national level players. By playing with some of the toughest teams in Japan, they hope not only to sharpen their skills, but also come up with new attacks that would strengthen them. Moreover, Hinata and Kageyama attempt to devise a more powerful weapon, one that could possibly break the sturdiest of blocks. Facing what may be their last chance at victory before the senior players graduate, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team must learn to settle their differences and train harder than ever if they hope to overcome formidable opponents old and new—including their archrival Aoba Jousai and its world-class setter Tooru Oikawa.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Brutal murders, petty thefts, and senseless violence pollute the human world. In contrast, the realm of death gods is a humdrum, unchanging gambling den. The ingenious 17-year-old Japanese student Light Yagami and sadistic god of death Ryuk share one belief: their worlds are rotten.For his own amusement, Ryuk drops his Death Note into the human world. Light stumbles upon it, deeming the first of its rules ridiculous: the human whose name is written in this note shall die. However, the temptation is too great, and Light experiments by writing a felon's name, which disturbingly enacts his first murder.Aware of the terrifying godlike power that has fallen into his hands, Light—under the alias Kira—follows his wicked sense of justice with the ultimate goal of cleansing the world of all evil-doers. The meticulous mastermind detective L is already on his trail, but as Light's brilliance rivals L's, the grand chase for Kira turns into an intense battle of wits that can only end when one of them is dead.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takashi Natsume has grown accustomed to his encounters with youkai through the Book of Friends, which contains the names of youkai whom his grandmother, Reiko Natsume, has sealed in contracts. These encounters allow Natsume to better understand the youkai, Reiko, and himself. The Book of Friends is a powerful tool that can be used to control youkai; it is sought after by both youkai and exorcists alike. Natsume just wants to live out his daily life in peace but is constantly disrupted by these experiences. If he is to end this torment, Natsume must explore more about the book and the world of exorcism, as well as begin to open his heart to those who can help him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite being polar opposites, Makoto "Smile" Tsukimoto and Yutaka "Peco" Hoshino have been best friends since childhood. Although the overly confident Peco strives to be the best ping-pong player in the world, he often skips practice, earning the ire of his fellow teammates on the Katase High School ping-pong team. Meanwhile, Smile—in spite of his innate talent for the sport—cannot help but hold back his full strength when playing against others. Through their mutual love for ping-pong, the two have developed a bond that is seemingly unbreakable.When Peco hears that an ex-national team player from China is coming to Japan, he drags Smile over to rival Tsujido High School to observe them. The subsequent trip leads to a clash between Peco and Kong Wenge, who overwhelmingly defeats the former in one game. Stunned by such a comprehensive loss, Peco finds himself questioning why he plays to begin with. Seeing his potential as a player, Katase's coach begins to train Smile to overcome his hesitation, but he is reluctant to play if it is not for enjoyment.As the two struggle to find meaning in the sport, a plethora of stronger players—each with their own internal strifes—await them at the inter-high tournament, where only the very best can persevere. But when these young athletes let their unbridled ambition go unchecked, the hardships they face paint a somber reality as they pursue glory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Still threatened by the "Titans" that rob them of their freedom, mankind remains caged inside the two remaining walls. Efforts to eradicate these monsters continue; however, threats arise not only from the Titans beyond the walls, but from the humans within them as well.After being rescued from the Colossal and Armored Titans, Eren Yaeger devotes himself to improving his Titan form. Krista Lenz struggles to accept the loss of her friend, Captain Levi chooses Eren and his friends to form his new personal squad, and Commander Erwin Smith recovers from his injuries. All seems well for the soldiers, until the government suddenly demands custody of Eren and Krista. The Survey Corps' recent successes have drawn attention, and a familiar face from Levi's past is sent to collect the wanted soldiers. Sought after by the government, Levi and his new squad must evade their adversaries in hopes of keeping Eren and Krista safe.Eren and his fellow soldiers are not only fighting for their survival against the terrifying Titans, but also against the terror of a far more conniving foe: their fellow humans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Idly indulging in baseless paranormal activities with the Occult Club, high schooler Yuuji Itadori spends his days at either the clubroom or the hospital, where he visits his bedridden grandfather. However, this leisurely lifestyle soon takes a turn for the strange when he unknowingly encounters a cursed item. Triggering a chain of supernatural occurrences, Yuuji finds himself suddenly thrust into the world of Curses—dreadful beings formed from human malice and negativity—after swallowing the said item, revealed to be a finger belonging to the demon Sukuna Ryoumen, the King of Curses.Yuuji experiences first-hand the threat these Curses pose to society as he discovers his own newfound powers. Introduced to the Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School, he begins to walk down a path from which he cannot return—the path of a Jujutsu sorcerer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After bonding over a tragic loss, the long-suffering Nanachi joins Riko and Reg on their journey into the depths of the Abyss. Awaiting the children is the Sea of Corpses—the Abyss's fifth layer, and the deepest level from which a traveler can return without losing their human form.The masked sadist Bondrewd stands between the children and the rest of their adventure. Bondrewd's horrific laboratory serves as a final checkpoint for those wishing to traverse deeper into the Abyss, and the sociopathic scientist has no desire to allow Riko's party to pass through at no cost. Deeply scarred by Bondrewd's impact on their childhood, Nanachi is engulfed in turmoil over his resurgence in their life.Bondrewd's only apparent weakness is Prushka, a brash child who claims to be his daughter. Riko, Reg, and Nanachi befriend Prushka and work with the girl to overcome her father's machinations and breach the Abyss's sixth layer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a cold December day, Kyon arrives at school prepared for another outing with his fellow SOS Brigade members. However, much to his surprise, he discovers that almost everything has changed completely: Haruhi Suzumiya and Itsuki Koizumi are nowhere to be found; Mikuru Asahina does not recognize him at all; Yuki Nagato is a regular human; and Ryouko Asakura has mysteriously returned. Although he is no stranger to the supernatural, Kyon is disturbed by this odd turn of events and decides to investigate on his own.Finding himself to be the only person that is aware of the previous reality, Kyon is now faced with a difficult choice: to finally live the normal life he has always wanted, or uncover a way to turn back the hands of time and restore his chaotic yet familiar world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dreams are doomed to die in Night City, a futuristic Californian metropolis. As a teenager living in the city's slums, David Martinez is trying to fulfill his mother's lifelong wish for him to reach the top of Arasaka, the world's leading security corporation. To this end, he attends the prestigious Arasaka Academy while his mother works tirelessly to keep their family afloat.When an incident with a street gang leaves David's life in tatters, he stumbles upon Sandevistan cyberware—a prosthetic that grants its wearer superhuman speed. Fueled by rage, David implants the device in his back, using it to exact revenge on one of his tormentors. This gets him expelled from the academy, shattering his hopes of ever making his mother proud.After witnessing David's newfound abilities, the beautiful data thief Lucyna "Lucy" Kushinada offers to team up with him, handing him a ticket to salvation. However, associating with Lucy introduces David to the world of Edgerunners—cyborg criminals who will break any law for money. Edgerunners often lose their lives, if the cyberware does not break their minds first; but in his fight for survival inside a corrupt system, David is ready to risk it all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japanese Featherweight Champion Makunouchi Ippo has defended his title belt once more with the help of his devastating signature move: the Dempsey Roll. However, new challengers are rising up left and right, claiming to have an answer for the move responsible for crushing his opponents. Will Ippo be able to step up to the challenge, or will the weight of his pride destroy him before he finds out just what it means to be strong? Meanwhile, fellow Kamogawa Gym mate Aoki Masaru is just a hop, skip, and a Frog Punch away from claiming his own belt, ready to take on the Japanese Lightweight Champion!Hajime no Ippo: Rising continues Ippo's quest to become stronger, featuring the same cast of loveable dimwits from Kamogawa Gym, as they put their bodies and hearts on the line to make their way in the harsh world of professional boxing. With a will of iron, Ippo steps into the ring once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Guts, a man who will one day be known as the Black Swordsman, is a young traveling mercenary characterized by the large greatsword he carries. He accepts jobs that offer the most money, but he never stays with one group for long—until he encounters the Band of the Falcon. Ambushed after completing a job, Guts crushes many of its members in combat. Griffith, The Band of the Falcon's leader and founder, takes an interest in Guts and duels him. While the others are no match for Guts, Griffith defeats him in one blow.Incapacitated and taken into the Band of the Falcon's camp to recover, Guts wakes up two days later. He confronts Griffith, and the two duel yet again, only this time with a condition: Guts will join the Band of the Falcon if he loses. Due to his fresh injuries, Guts loses the fight and is inducted by Griffith.In three years' time, Guts has become one of the Band of the Falcon's commanders. On the battlefield, his combat prowess is second only to Griffith as he takes on large groups of enemies all on his own. With Guts' immense strength and Griffith's leadership, the Band of the Falcon dominate every battle they partake in. But something menacing lurks in the shadows, threatening to change Guts' life forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a string of mysterious disappearances begin to plague a train, the Demon Slayer Corps' multiple attempts to remedy the problem prove fruitless. To prevent further casualties, the Flame Pillar, Kyoujurou Rengoku, takes it upon himself to eliminate the threat. Accompanying him are some of the Corps' most promising new blood: Tanjirou Kamado, Zenitsu Agatsuma, and Inosuke Hashibira, who all hope to witness the fiery feats of this model demon slayer firsthand.Unbeknownst to them, the demonic forces responsible for the disappearances have already put their sinister plan in motion. Under this demonic presence, the group must muster every ounce of their willpower and draw their swords to save all two hundred passengers onboard. As things begin to spiral out of control, Tanjirou's resolve and commitment to duty are put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a warm summer day, a boy heard the sound of bells ringing, as if in celebration, in the mountain near his home. Several years later in that same mountain, the mushishi Ginko encounters a strange girl with weeds growing out of her body. Soon after, Ginko coincidentally runs into the now grown-up boy Yoshiro on his way off the mountain. With Yoshiro's help, Ginko soon begins to uncover who this mysterious girl is and what happened to her.An adaptation of the last arc in the manga, Mushishi Zoku Shou: Suzu no Shizuku follows Ginko's peculiar journey amidst the occult to unravel the mystery behind the enigmatic girl called Kaya and the mountain that has become her home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Six months ago, Sakuta Azusagawa had a chance encounter with a bunny girl in a library. Ever since then, he's been blissfully happy with his girlfriend: Mai Sakurajima, that same bunny girl. However, the reappearance of his mysterious first crush, the now-adult Shouko Makinohara, adds a new complication to his relationship with Mai. To make matters worse, he then encounters a middle school Shouko in the hospital, suffering from a grave illness. Mysteriously, his old scars begin throbbing whenever he's near her.With Shouko's bizarre situation somehow revolving around him, Sakuta will need to come to terms with his own conflicting feelings, for better or worse. With a girl's life in his hands, just what can he do?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following NERV's failed attempt to retrieve the Spears of Longinus and carry out the Human Instrumentality Project, the destruction caused by the Fourth Impact has been largely averted. In a state of disarray, Shinji Ikari, Asuka Langley Shikinami, and Rei Ayanami travel to Village 3—a survivor settlement free from Earth's ruination. There, Shinji slowly comes to terms with his past, developing an entirely different life from his days as an Evangelion pilot.Meanwhile, NERV makes preparations to continue the Instrumentality Project by means of a new Impact. When WILLE's main aerial battleship arrives at the village, Shinji decides to board, believing that he can help by piloting an Evangelion. As new secrets are uncovered and a battle between WILLE and NERV approaches, the future of Earth hangs in the balance. Can Shinji save humanity and the rest of the world one last time?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humans have enjoyed their lavish, peaceful, and prosperous lives for seven years since the day the almighty Spiral King was defeated—the day they reclaimed their homeland, Earth. However, the boon of this lifestyle leaves them unprepared when an unknown, hostile threat arises due to the ever-growing human population. This calamity is the Anti-Spiral—a fearsome enemy with unparalleled power. As the Spiral King's prognosis postulating the destruction of "The Spiral's World" begins to come true, the pieces are in place, and Team Dai-Gurren is ready. With his late brother's hope to see a better future for mankind, Simon—along with Nia Teppelin and the rest of the team—is determined to overthrow the mighty Anti-Spiral in order to revive humanity's lost hope.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the coastal city of Naples, corruption is teeming—the police blatantly conspire with outlaws, drugs run rampant around the youth, and the mafia governs the streets with an iron fist. However, various fateful encounters will soon occur.Enter Giorno Giovanna, a 15-year-old boy with an eccentric connection to the Joestar family, who makes a living out of part-time jobs and pickpocketing. Furthermore, he is gifted with the unexplained Stand ability to give and create life—growing plants from the ground and turning inanimate objects into live animals, an ability he has dubbed "Gold Experience." Fascinated by the might of local gangsters, Giorno has dreamed of rising up in their ranks and becoming a "Gang-Star," a feat made possible by his encounter with Bruno Bucciarati, a member of the Passione gang with his own sense of justice.JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken: Ougon no Kaze follows the endeavors of Giorno after joining Bruno's team while working under Passione, fending off other gangsters and secretly plotting to overthrow their mysterious boss.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No longer truly human, Koyomi Araragi decides to retrieve Kiss-shot Acerola-orion Heart-under-blade's severed body parts that were stolen by three powerful vampire hunters. Awaiting him are Dramaturgie, a vampire hunter who is a vampire himself; Episode, a half-vampire with the ability to transform into mist; and Guillotinecutter, a human priest who is the most dangerous of them all.Unbeknownst to Araragi, each minute he spends trying to retrieve Kiss-shot's limbs makes him less of a human and more of a vampire. Will he be able to keep his wish of becoming human once again by the end of his battles?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Blessed with eyes that are able to perceive the otherwise invisible youkai, Takashi Natsume hides his ability from his newfound family and friends to protect everyone's peaceful daily life. Nonetheless, Natsume never fails to show the same kindness to the benevolent youkai and happily returns their names by using the infamous Book of Friends he inherited from his late grandmother, Reiko.Meanwhile, the exorcist clan Matoba still wishes for Natsume to join their ranks due to his overwhelming gift. However, Natsume firmly rejects the clan's invitation since not all exorcists are as reasonable as his friend Shuuichi Natori, and many improperly and indiscriminately seal away every youkai in their way. Unsatisfied with Natsume's answer, Seiji Matoba blackmails Natsume into attending a grand gathering of powerful exorcist families. Natsume soon finds himself in the company of dangerous people and youkai alike. But even then, he continues to defy the exorcists' hard-handed methods and believes that peace between both worlds is possible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Natsume Yuujinchou San follows Takashi Natsume, a boy who is able to see youkai. Natsume and his bodyguard Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei, continue on their quest to release youkai from their contracts in the "Book of Friends."Natsume comes to terms with his ability to see youkai and stops thinking of it as a curse. As he spends more time with his human and youkai friends, he realizes how much he values them both and decides he doesn't have to choose between the spirit and human worlds to be happy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hana, a hard-working college student, falls in love with a mysterious man who attends one of her classes though he is not an actual student. As it turns out, he is not truly human either. On a full moon night, he transforms, revealing that he is the last werewolf alive. Despite this, Hana's love remains strong, and the two ultimately decide to start a family.Hana gives birth to two healthy children—Ame, born during rainfall, and Yuki, born during snowfall—both possessing the ability to turn into wolves, a trait inherited from their father. All too soon, however, the sudden death of her lover devastates Hana's life, leaving her to raise a peculiar family completely on her own. The stress of raising her wild-natured children in a densely populated city, all while keeping their identity a secret, culminates in a decision to move to the countryside, where she hopes Ame and Yuki can live a life free from the judgments of society. Wolf Children is the heartwarming story about the challenges of being a single mother in an unforgiving modern world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yotarou is a former yakuza member fresh out of prison and fixated on just one thing: rather than return to a life of crime, the young man aspires to take to the stage of rakugo, a traditional Japanese form of comedic storytelling. Inspired during his incarceration by the performance of distinguished practitioner Yakumo Yuurakutei, he sets his mind on meeting the man who changed his life. After hearing Yotarou's desperate appeal for his mentorship, Yakumo is left with no choice but to accept his very first apprentice.As he eagerly begins his training, Yotarou meets Konatsu, an abrasive young woman who has been under Yakumo's care ever since her beloved father Sukeroku Yuurakutei, another prolific rakugo performer, passed away. Through her hidden passion, Yotarou is drawn to Sukeroku's unique style of rakugo despite learning under contrasting techniques. Upon seeing this, old memories and feelings return to Yakumo who reminisces about a much earlier time when he made a promise with his greatest rival.Shouwa Genroku Rakugo Shinjuu is a story set in both the past and present, depicting the art of rakugo, the relationships it creates, and the lives and hearts of those dedicated to keeping the unique form of storytelling alive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One autumn evening at a mysterious ramen stand behind the Shimogamo Shrine, a lonely third-year college student bumps into a man with an eggplant-shaped head who calls himself a god of matrimony. Meeting this man causes the student to reflect upon his past two years at college—two years bitterly spent trying to break up couples on campus with his only friend Ozu, a ghoulish-looking man seemingly set on making his life as miserable as possible. Resolving to make the most out of the rest of his college life, the student attempts to ask out the unsociable but kind-hearted underclassman Akashi, yet fails to follow through, prompting him to regret not living out his college life differently. As soon as this thought passes through his head, however, he is hurtled through time and space to the beginning of his years at college and given another chance to live his life.Surreal, artistic, and mind-bending, Yojouhan Shinwa Taikei chronicles the misadventures of a young man on a journey to make friends, find love, and experience the rose-colored campus life he always dreamed of.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After finally escaping the confines of Green Dolphin Street Jail, Jolyne Kuujou—alongside her companions Ermes Costello and Emporio Alniño—pursues the villainous priest Enrico Pucci across the state of Florida. Jolyne's allies, Weather Report and Narciso Anasui, struggle to catch up with her in order to help bring an end to Pucci's plot. As both parties pursue the priest, they must battle against Pucci's band of enemy Stand users.While Jolyne's comrades fight for their lives, Pucci races to the Kennedy Space Center. There he hopes to enact his ultimate goal, one he believes God has entrusted to him. He aims to fulfill the will of the Joestars' blood enemy Dio Brando and—by robbing humanity of free will and making them slaves to fate—to create a world where all humans are blissfully happy.Unable to rely on the aid of her comatose father Joutarou, Jolyne must weaponize all she has learned in prison to confront Pucci in a climactic battle while the world itself hangs in the balance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the Fourth Holy Grail War rages on with no clear victor in sight, the remaining Servants and their Masters are called upon by Church supervisor Risei Kotomine, in order to band together and confront an impending threat that could unravel the Grail War and bring about the destruction of Fuyuki City. The uneasy truce soon collapses as Masters demonstrate that they will do anything in their power, no matter how despicable, to win.Seeds of doubt are sown between Kiritsugu Emiya and Saber, his Servant, as their conflicting ideologies on heroism and chivalry clash. Meanwhile, an ominous bond forms between Kirei Kotomine, who still seeks to find his purpose in life, and one of the remaining Servants. As the countdown to the end of the war reaches zero, the cost of winning begins to blur the line between victory and defeat.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Once called a fallen powerhouse and known as "Flightless Crows," Karasuno High School has finally taken flight at nationals. With a comprehensive performance against Tsubakihara Academy in their first match, the team is now facing its toughest opponent yet: the runners-up of the last Spring Tournament, Inarizaki High School. Furthermore, dealing with the formidable twin Miya brothers only makes things more difficult for Karasuno.As soon as the match begins, Karasuno is overwhelmed by all the noise and jeers from the supporters of Inarizaki High but rekindles its strength thanks to its own loyal fans. Karasuno also gains some momentum by utilizing an attack centered on Shouyou Hinata, but the eccentric play of Atsumu and Osamu Miya delivers an unexpected blow that leaves their opponent astounded.Things are bound to get intense as the match progresses between these two teams. Will Karasuno be able to defeat Inarizaki High and overcome the hurdles that threaten its pursuit to the top?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The aloof protagonist: a bookworm who is deeply detached from the world he resides in. He has no interest in others and is firmly convinced that nobody has any interest in him either. His story begins when he stumbles across a handwritten book, titled Living with Dying. He soon identifies it as a secret diary belonging to his popular, bubbly classmate Sakura Yamauchi. She then confides in him about the pancreatic disease she is suffering from and that her time left is finite. Only her family knows about her terminal illness; not even her best friends are aware. Despite this revelation, he shows zero sympathy for her plight, but caught in the waves of Sakura's persistent buoyancy, he eventually concedes to accompanying her for her remaining days.As the pair of polar opposites interact, their connection strengthens, interweaving through their choices made with each passing day. Her apparent nonchalance and unpredictability disrupts the protagonist's impassive flow of life, gradually opening his heart as he discovers and embraces the true meaning of living.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Departing from their respective hometowns, two young women with identical names are brought together in their pursuit of new beginnings. With their hearts set on going to Tokyo, Nana Komatsu dreams about blissful love, while Nana Osaki aims for a successful music career.The former has a cheerful and friendly nature, but her naivety has steered her romantic life astray until she meets her dependable boyfriend—Shouji Endo. Without letting herself be dismayed by Shouji's decision to study in Tokyo, Nana works hard to earn enough money and follow him there. Meanwhile, her namesake is a solitary punk vocalist whose impassioned romance with her band's bassist, Ren Honjou, comes to a sudden end. Though heartbroken, Nana bravely looks forward and travels to the capital with the ambition of becoming a recognized artist.Shortly after they arrive in Tokyo, the girls cross paths again due to an unexpected coincidence that ultimately leads them to live under the same roof. As they grow closer, the two strive to support one another amid their struggles to forge a future for themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]J-pop idol group CHAM! has spent the last two years entertaining its fans. Sadly, all good things must come to an end, and CHAM! must see one of its members, Mima Kirigoe, leave the group to pursue her acting career. While Mima's choice is met with a mixed response, she hopes her fans will continue to support her.However, Mima's life begins to change drastically after her departure from the group. Wanting to shed her pop-idol image, she takes on a role in a crime drama series, and her career as an actress gradually becomes more demanding and taxing for both Mima and her manager, Rumi Hidaka. To add to Mima's growing unease, an obsessed fan who is incapable of accepting that Mima has quit being an innocent idol, begins stalking her; a new anonymous website begins to impersonate her life with intricate detail; and CHAM! also appears to be doing better without her. One by one, each disturbing development drives Mima to become increasingly unhinged and unable to distinguish reality from fantasy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinji Ikari is left emotionally comatose after the death of a dear friend. With his son mentally unable to pilot the humanoid robot Evangelion Unit-01, Gendou Ikari's NERV races against the shadow organization SEELE to see who can enact their ultimate plan first. SEELE desires to create a godlike being by fusing their own souls into an Evangelion unit, while Gendou wishes to revert all of humanity into one primordial being so that he can be reunited with Yui, his deceased wife.SEELE unleashes its military forces in a lethal invasion of NERV headquarters. As SEELE's forces cut down NERV's scientists and security personnel, Asuka Langley Souryuu pilots Evangelion Unit-02 in a desperate last stand against SEELE's heaviest weaponry.The battle rages on, and a depressed Shinji hides deep within NERV's headquarters. With the fate of the world resting in Shinji's hands, Captain Misato Katsuragi hunts for the teenage boy as society crumbles around them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the arrival of a new generation of talented girls, another lively year at Seishou Music Academy begins. The graduating 99th class is already preparing for the much-anticipated rendition of Starlight, a bittersweet story about the parting of two girls.It seems like all students in the Actor Training Department have their post-graduation future figured out—except for the cheerful Karen Aijou. Having fulfilled her promise of performing in a play with Hikari Kagura, her ambitious childhood friend, Karen struggles to find her purpose. What lies beyond their promise is a mystery to Karen, as Hikari was the fuel that kept her passion for performing aflame. Now alone, Karen must confront the reality of stage girls and find her way toward the future—her very own stage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hanamichi Sakuragi, infamous for his temper, massive height, and fire-red hair, enrolls in Shohoku High, hoping to finally get a girlfriend and break his record of being rejected 50 consecutive times in middle school. His notoriety precedes him, however, leading to him being avoided by most students. Soon, after certain events, Hanamichi is left with two unwavering thoughts: "I hate basketball," and "I desperately need a girlfriend."One day, a girl named Haruko Akagi approaches him without any knowledge of his troublemaking ways and asks him if he likes basketball. Hanamichi immediately falls head over heels in love with her, blurting out a fervent affirmative. She then leads him to the gymnasium, where she asks him if he can do a slam dunk. In an attempt to impress Haruko, he makes the leap, but overshoots, instead slamming his head straight into the blackboard. When Haruko informs the basketball team's captain of Hanamichi's near-inhuman physical capabilities, he slowly finds himself drawn into the camaraderie and competition of the sport he had previously held resentment for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Centuries ago, mankind was slaughtered to near extinction by monstrous humanoid creatures called Titans, forcing humans to hide in fear behind enormous concentric walls. What makes these giants truly terrifying is that their taste for human flesh is not born out of hunger but what appears to be out of pleasure. To ensure their survival, the remnants of humanity began living within defensive barriers, resulting in one hundred years without a single titan encounter. However, that fragile calm is soon shattered when a colossal Titan manages to breach the supposedly impregnable outer wall, reigniting the fight for survival against the man-eating abominations.After witnessing a horrific personal loss at the hands of the invading creatures, Eren Yeager dedicates his life to their eradication by enlisting into the Survey Corps, an elite military unit that combats the merciless humanoids outside the protection of the walls. Eren, his adopted sister Mikasa Ackerman, and his childhood friend Armin Arlert join the brutal war against the Titans and race to discover a way of defeating them before the last walls are breached.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As with its prequel, Zoku Natsume Yuujinchou is about Takashi Natsume, a boy who has had the ability to see youkai since he was young, and his bodyguard youkai Madara, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei. Natsume attempts to return names written in his "Book of Friends" (which he inherited from his grandmother Reiko) to youkai in his village. Throughout these adventures, he meets some youkai that are friendly, some that want to steal the Book, and some that want to kill him, as Natsume learns about himself and his relationship with these mysterious beings along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A year has passed since Tooru Honda began living in the Souma residence, and she has since created stronger relationships with its inhabitants Shigure, Kyou, and Yuki. She has also grown closer to the rest of the Souma family and has become familiar with their ancestral secret, having helped them with many of their personal issues. The closer Tooru gets, however, the more she begins to realize that their secret holds a darker truth than she first presumed.Summer is approaching and Tooru is invited to spend her days with the Soumas, mainly Kyou and Yuki. Tooru wishes for an easy-going vacation, but her close relationships with the two boys and the rest of the Soumas may prove to cause trouble. As they grow more intimate, their carefree time together is hindered by older hardships and feelings from the past that begin to resurface. The Eternal Banquet also dawns on the members of the zodiac, and they must tend to their duties alongside the unnerving head of the family, Akito Souma.With the banquet approaching and a plethora of feelings to be solved, will Tooru's life with the Soumas remain peaceful, or will she find herself in a situation from which she cannot escape?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The entire countryside comes to a halt midday to witness a rare solar eclipse that is rumored to allow the average person to see Mushi. Unable to avert their gaze, the air is full of awe and wonder—but those who know the Mushi are preparing for the eclipse's aftermath.Based on a prediction from Tanyuu Karibusa, the cursed recorder, Mushishi Ginko finds himself in a very unlucky farming village. Immediately following the solar eclipse, a strange black cloud begins to gather in the sky and blocks the sun once more. Suspecting it to be the work of a Mushi known as Hihami, Ginko seeks to liberate the village from perpetual darkness. However, it seems that not all of the villagers are eager to return to the light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Corrupt politicians, frenzied nationalists, and other warmongering forces constantly jeopardize the thin veneer of peace between neighboring countries Ostania and Westalis. In spite of their plots, renowned spy and master of disguise "Twilight" fulfills dangerous missions one after another in the hope that no child will have to experience the horrors of war.In the bustling Ostanian city of Berlint, Twilight dons the alias of "Loid Forger," an esteemed psychiatrist. However, his true intention is to gather intelligence on prominent politician Donovan Desmond, who only appears rarely in public at his sons' school: the prestigious Eden Academy. Enlisting the help of unmarried city hall clerk Yor Briar to act as his wife and adopting the curious six-year-old orphan Anya as his daughter, Loid enacts his master plan. He will enroll Anya in Eden Academy, where Loid hopes she will excel and give him the opportunity to meet Donovan without arousing suspicion. Unfortunately for Loid, even a man of his talents has trouble playing the figure of a loving father and husband. And just like Loid is hiding his true identity, Yor—who is an underground assassin known as "Thorn Princess"—and Anya—an esper who can read people's minds—have no plans to disclose their own secrets either. Although this picture-perfect family is founded on deception, the Forgers gradually come to understand that the love they share for one another trumps all else.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The eccentric, self-proclaimed mad scientist Rintarou Okabe has become a shell of his former self. Depressed and traumatized after failing to rescue his friend Makise Kurisu, he has decided to forsake his mad scientist alter ego and live as an ordinary college student. Surrounded by friends who know little of his time travel experiences, Okabe spends his days trying to forget the horrors of his adventures alone. While working as a receptionist at a college technology forum, Okabe meets the short, spunky Maho Hiyajo, who later turns out to be the interpreter at the forum's presentation, conducted by Professor Alexis Leskinen. In front of a stunned crowd, Alexis and Maho unveil Amadeus—a revolutionary AI capable of storing a person's memories and creating a perfect simulation of that person complete with their personality and quirks. Meeting with Maho and Alexis after the presentation, Okabe learns that the two were Kurisu's colleagues in university, and that they have simulated her in Amadeus. Hired by Alexis to research the simulation's behavior, Okabe is given the chance to interact with the shadow of a long-lost dear friend. Dangerously tangled in the past, Okabe must face the harsh reality and carefully maneuver around the disastrous consequences that come with disturbing the natural flow of time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Onto their third serialization, manga duo Moritaka Mashiro and Akito Takagi—also known by their pen name, Muto Ashirogi—are ever closer to their dream of an anime adaption. However, the real challenge is only just beginning: if they are unable to compete with the artist Eiji Niizuma in the rankings within the span of six months, they will be canceled. To top it off, numerous rivals are close behind and declaring war. They don't even have enough time to spare thinking about an anime!In Bakuman. 3rd Season, Muto Ashirogi must find a way to stay atop the colossal mountain known as the Shounen Jack rankings. With new problems and new assistants, the pair continue to strive for their dream.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gintoki and his Yorozuya friends (or rather, employees suffering under labor violations), Shinpachi and Kagura, continue to scrape by in the futuristic, alien-infested city of Edo. They take on whatever work they can find while trying not to get involved in anything too dangerous. But when Katsura, the leader of the Joui rebels and Gintoki's long-time acquaintance, disappears after being brutally attacked by an unknown assassin, Shinpachi and Kagura begin an investigation into his whereabouts and the identity of the assailant. Meanwhile, Gintoki takes on a seemingly unrelated job: the blacksmith Tetsuya requests that Gin recover a strange and powerful sword called the Benizakura which was recently stolen.As the two investigations gradually intersect, the Yorozuya crew find themselves in the midst of a major conspiracy that hinges on the sinister nature of the Benizakura sword. Gintoki resolves to take the fight directly to the enemy headquarters, and together with a few unexpected allies, sets out on one of his most perilous jobs yet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the grim events of Iga, Kokujou Island, Rakuyou, and multiple fruitless confrontations with the Tenshouin Naraku and Tendoshuu, Gintama.: Porori-hen takes its viewers on a trip down memory lane to when Yorozuya were mostly doing what they did best—odd jobs. The great space hunter Umibouzu has returned to Edo and is livid when he finds out that his daughter Kagura has a boyfriend. He blames Gintoki for being an incompetent guardian, but has the time finally come for him to let go of his daughter?Back with shameless parodies, risqué humor, and lively camaraderie, Gintoki, Kagura, and Shinpachi are faced with unforeseen situations that manage to be both hilarious and emotionally stirring.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As World War II reaches its conclusion in 1945, Japan faces widespread destruction in the form of American bombings, devastating city after city. Hotaru no Haka, also known as Grave of the Fireflies, is the story of Seita and his sister Setsuko, two Japanese children whose lives are ravaged by the brutal war. They have lost their mother, their father, their home, and the prospect of a bright future—all tragic consequences of the war.Now orphaned and homeless, Seita and Setsuko have no choice but to drift across the countryside, beset by starvation and disease. Met with the apathy of adults along the way, they find that desperate circumstances can turn even the kindest of people cruel yet their youthful hope shines brightly in the face of unrelenting hardship, preventing the siblings from swiftly succumbing to an inevitable fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In November 1998, a double homicide occurs at the newly constructed Ogawa apartment complex in the heart of Mifune City. The murderer, Tomoe Enjou, has fled in a panic. To his astonishment, he is not pursued by the police and news of the incident has not been reported through media outlets. After Shiki Ryougi defends Tomoe from a group of thugs, she allows him to use her residence as a hideout. However, a few days later, Tomoe is shaken to discover that his mother is alive, even though he is convinced that he killed her.Coincidentally, Mikiya Kokutou is investigating a tip that his associate Touko Aozaki receives regarding the murder at the unique apartment complex. As he uncovers more information about the incident, Mikiya takes a particular interest in Tomoe. Deciding to investigate him further, Mikiya soon discovers the disturbing truth of the foreboding Ogawa complex.The fifth installment of the Kara no Kyoukai film series, Mujun Rasen combines an intricately constructed mystery with established themes and characters to produce a dark, thought-provoking story.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the closure of the "Laughing Man" case, Section 9 is re-established by Japan's newly elected Prime Minister, Youko Kayabuki, to combat the persistent threat of cyber-terrorism.A group calling themselves "The Individual Eleven" has begun committing acts of terror across Japan. While Motoko Kusanagi, Daisuke Aramaki, Batou, and the other members of Section 9 investigate this new menace, the Japanese government faces a separate crisis, as foreign refugees displaced by the Third World War seek asylum in Japan. But as the members of the special-ops team continually encounter Gouda Kazundo—a leading member of the Cabinet Intelligence Service—in their hunt, they begin to suspect that he may be involved, and that the events of the refugee crisis and The Individual Eleven may be more connected than they realize...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Filled with an overwhelming sense of wonder for the world around her, Mari Tamaki has always dreamt of what lies beyond the reaches of the universe. However, despite harboring such large aspirations on the inside, her fear of the unknown and anxiety over her own possible limitations have always held her back from chasing them. But now, in her second year of high school, Mari is more determined than ever to not let any more of her youth go to waste. Still, her fear continues to prevent her from taking that ambitious step forward—that is, until she has a chance encounter with a girl who has grand dreams of her own.Spurred by her mother's disappearance, Shirase Kobuchizawa has been working hard to fund her trip to Antarctica. Despite facing doubt and ridicule from virtually everyone, Shirase is determined to embark on this expedition to search for her mother in a place further than the universe itself. Inspired by Shirase's resolve, Mari jumps at the chance to join her. Soon, their efforts attract the attention of the bubbly Hinata Miyake, who is eager to stand out, and Yuzuki Shiraishi, a polite girl from a high class background. Together, the four spirited girls set sail toward the frozen south, all in search of something great.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having spent Christmas camping with her new friends, Rin Shima embarks on a solo-camping trip to see the New Year sunrise by the sea. All goes according to plan until unforeseen weather blocks the roads back home, making a return trip impossible. Rin, who is now stranded for a few days, is invited by Nadeshiko Kagamihara to stay at her grandmother's house. What is supposed to be a two-day trip becomes an extended period of sightseeing and new experiences for Rin, and she encounters some new and old faces along the way. Yuru Camp△ Season 2 continues the story of Rin, Nadeshiko, and their friends as they further explore the joys of camping.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For centuries, humanity has been hunted by giant, mysterious predators known as the Titans. Three mighty walls—Wall Maria, Rose, and Sheena—provided peace and protection for humanity for over a hundred years. That peace, however, was shattered when the Colossal Titan and Armored Titan appeared and destroyed the outermost wall, Wall Maria. Forced to retreat behind Wall Rose, humanity waited with bated breath for the Titans to reappear and destroy their safe haven once more.In Shingeki no Kyojin Season 2, Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again, their preparations are interrupted by the invasion of Wall Rose—but all is not as it seems as more mysteries are unraveled. As the Survey Corps races to save the wall, they uncover more about the invading Titans and the dark secrets of their own members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Denji is robbed of a normal teenage life, left with nothing but his deadbeat father's overwhelming debt. His only companion is his pet, the chainsaw devil Pochita, with whom he slays devils for money that inevitably ends up in the yakuza's pockets. All Denji can do is dream of a good, simple life: one with delicious food and a beautiful girlfriend by his side. But an act of greedy betrayal by the yakuza leads to Denji's brutal, untimely death, crushing all hope of him ever achieving happiness.Remarkably, an old contract allows Pochita to merge with the deceased Denji and bestow devil powers on him, changing him into a hybrid able to transform his body parts into chainsaws. Because Denji's new abilities pose a significant risk to society, the Public Safety Bureau's elite devil hunter Makima takes him in, letting him live as long as he obeys her command. Guided by the promise of a content life alongside an attractive woman, Denji devotes everything and fights with all his might to make his naive dreams a reality.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The people of the kingdom look down on the young Prince Bojji, who can neither hear nor speak. They call him "The Useless Prince" while jeering at his supposed foolishness.However, while Bojji may not be physically strong, he is certainly not weak of heart. When a chance encounter with a shadow creature should have left him traumatized, it instead makes him believe that he has found a friend amidst those who only choose to notice his shortcomings. He starts meeting with Kage, the shadow, regularly, to the point where even the otherwise abrasive creature begins to warm up to him.Kage and Bojji's unlikely friendship lays the budding foundations of the prince's journey, one where he intends to conquer his fears and insecurities. Despite the constant ridicule he faces, Bojji resolves to fulfill his desire of becoming the best king he can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gesicht, an android police detective of Europol, is tasked with finding the murderer of Montblanc, a retired war hero robot. Although it appears that only a robot could have committed this crime, the murder of a renowned robot rights activist casts doubts on the criminal's identity. Indeed, outside of an isolated and unexplained incident that occurred eight years ago, robots are programmed to be unable to kill human beings. However, the lack of human evidence on the crime scene and the similarity of modus operandi lead Gesicht to suspect that the two murderers might be the same being—be they man or robot.Shortly after Montblanc's passing, another retired elite war robot is mysteriously eliminated. Gesicht notices a pattern in the choice of murder victim: both dead robots belonged to a group of the seven most powerful war machines ever designed. Determined to stop the murderer from eliminating the five remaining veterans, Gesicht seeks help from Atom, a cutting-edge android who resembles a human boy. The duo must now hunt down the rogue killer before the series of murders is carried on, lest the very fabric of society suffer irremediable damage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fuu Kasumi is a young and clumsy waitress who spends her days peacefully working in a small teahouse. That is, until she accidentally spills a drink all over one of her customers! With a group of samurai now incessantly harassing her, Fuu desperately calls upon another samurai in the shop, Mugen, who quickly defeats them with his wild fighting technique, utilizing movements reminiscent to that of breakdancing. Unfortunately, Mugen decides to pick a fight with the unwilling ronin Jin, who wields a more precise and traditional style of swordfighting, and the latter proves to be a formidable opponent. The only problem is, they end up destroying the entire shop as well as accidentally killing the local magistrate's son.For their crime, the two samurai are captured and set to be executed. However, they are rescued by Fuu, who hires the duo as her bodyguards. Though she no longer has a place to return to, the former waitress wishes to find a certain samurai who smells of sunflowers and enlists the help of the now exonerated pair to do so. Despite initially disapproving of this idea, the two eventually agree to assist the girl in her quest; thus, the trio embark upon an adventure to find this mysterious warrior—that is, if Fuu can keep Mugen and Jin from killing each other.Set in an alternate Edo Period of Japan, Samurai Champloo follows the journey of these three eccentric individuals in an epic quest full of action, comedy, and dynamic sword fighting, all set to the beat of a unique hip-hop infused soundtrack.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The seemingly unimpressive Saitama has a rather unique hobby: being a hero. In order to pursue his childhood dream, Saitama relentlessly trained for three years, losing all of his hair in the process. Now, Saitama is so powerful, he can defeat any enemy with just one punch. However, having no one capable of matching his strength has led Saitama to an unexpected problem—he is no longer able to enjoy the thrill of battling and has become quite bored.One day, Saitama catches the attention of 19-year-old cyborg Genos, who witnesses his power and wishes to become Saitama's disciple. Genos proposes that the two join the Hero Association in order to become certified heroes that will be recognized for their positive contributions to society. Saitama, who is shocked that no one knows who he is, quickly agrees. Meeting new allies and taking on new foes, Saitama embarks on a new journey as a member of the Hero Association to experience the excitement of battle he once felt.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The attempt to capture the mysterious perpetrator who possesses people ends tragically: Lu Guang is rushed to the hospital in a critical state, while Cheng Xiaoshi is arrested for the alleged crime. In light of recent events, the father of Liu Min unleashes his skilled, ruthless lawyer—Qian Jin—after Police Chief Li Xiao, who is spearheading the investigation related to the photo studio owned by Qiao Ling.It appears that no one is safe from the unpredictable and fatal attacks of the adversary who painstakingly hides their identity. As he tries to learn from his past mistakes, Cheng Xiaoshi must act swiftly and decisively to put an end to this devastating trail of death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Surrounded by a forest and a gated entrance, the Grace Field House is inhabited by orphans happily living together as one big family, looked after by their "Mama," Isabella. Although they are required to take tests daily, the children are free to spend their time as they see fit, usually playing outside, as long as they do not venture too far from the orphanage—a rule they are expected to follow no matter what. However, all good times must come to an end, as every few months, a child is adopted and sent to live with their new family, never to be heard from again.However, the three oldest siblings have their suspicions about what is actually happening at the orphanage, and they are about to discover the cruel fate that awaits the children living at Grace Field, including the twisted nature of their beloved Mama.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 1999. Morioh, a normally quiet and peaceful town, has recently become a hotbed of strange activity. Joutarou Kuujou, now a marine biologist, heads to the mysterious town to meet Jousuke Higashikata. While the two may seem like strangers at first, Jousuke is actually the illegitimate child of Joutarou's grandfather, Joseph Joestar. When they meet, Joutarou realizes that he may have more in common with Jousuke than just a blood relation.Along with the mild-mannered Kouichi Hirose and the boisterous Okuyasu Nijimura, the group dedicates themselves to investigating recent disappearances and other suspicious occurrences within Morioh. Aided by the power of Stands, the four men will encounter danger at every street corner, as it is up to them to unravel the town's secrets, before another occurs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Fifth Holy Grail War continues, and the ensuing chaos results in higher stakes for all participants. Shirou Emiya continues to participate in the war, aspiring to be a hero of justice who saves everyone. He sets out in search of the truth behind a mysterious dark shadow and its murder spree, determined to defeat it.Meanwhile, Shinji Matou sets his own plans into motion, threatening Shirou through his sister Sakura Matou. Shirou and Rin Toosaka battle Shinji, hoping to relieve Sakura from the abuses of her brother. But the ugly truth of the Matou siblings begins to surface, and many dark secrets are exposed.Fate/stay night Movie: Heaven's Feel - II. Lost Butterfly continues to focus on the remaining Masters and Servants as they fight each other in the hopes of obtaining the Holy Grail. However, as darkness arises within Fuyuki City, even the state of their sacred war could be in danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eighth-grader Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama has tapped into his inner wellspring of psychic prowess at a young age. But the power quickly proves to be a liability when he realizes the potential danger in his skills. Choosing to suppress his power, Mob's only present use for his ability is to impress his longtime crush, Tsubomi, who soon grows bored of the same tricks.In order to effectuate control on his skills, Mob enlists himself under the wing of Arataka Reigen, a con artist claiming to be a psychic, who exploits Mob's powers for pocket change. Now, exorcising evil spirits on command has become a part of Mob's daily, monotonous life. However, the psychic energy he exerts is barely the tip of the iceberg; if his vast potential and unrestrained emotions run berserk, a cataclysmic event that would render him completely unrecognizable will be triggered. The progression toward Mob's explosion is rising and attempting to stop it is futile.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since the death of his parents, Shinpei Ajiro had lived with the Kofune family and their two daughters—Mio and Ushio. Although he then left his home island to continue his education in Tokyo, Shinpei returns after Ushio tragically drowns during the attempted rescue of a little girl. During the funeral, his best friend informs him about bruises found around Ushio's neck, casting doubt over the cause of her death.Suspecting a murder has taken place, Shinpei reevaluates recent events, but strange incidents only continue to transpire. Disappearing people and other unexplainable occurrences lead Mio to recall an old folktale referring to entities called "Shadows," which may not be entirely fantasy. Supposedly, an encounter with one's Shadow foretells the person's impending demise.Facing the dark side of Hitogashima Island, Shinpei stands against his grim fate to fulfill Ushio's final will—to protect Mio.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a fateful summer night in 2006, Mutta Nanba and his younger brother Hibito witness what they believe to be a UFO flying toward the Moon. This impressing and unusual phenomenon leads both siblings vowing to become astronauts, with Hibito aiming for the Moon and Mutta, convinced that the eldest brother has to be one step ahead, for Mars.Now an adult, life hasn't turned out how Mutta had pictured it: he is diligently working in an automotive company, whereas Hibito is on his way to be the very first Japanese man to step on the Moon. However, after losing his job, Mutta is presented with an unexpected opportunity to catch up to his younger brother when the Japanese Aerospace Exploration Agency, commonly known as JAXA, accepts his application to participate in the next astronaut selection. Despite self-doubts about his prospects, Mutta is unwilling to waste this chance of a lifetime, and thus embarks on an ambitious journey to fulfill the promise made 19 years ago.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Returning from their summer vacation, the students of Class 3-E at the prestigious Kunugigaoka Middle School find themselves up against unbeatable odds. Faced with the possibility of world annihilation, the students must come up with increasingly elaborate and creative ways to kill their teacher, the cunning yet optimistic and helpful Koro-sensei.However, eliminating Koro-sensei is not the only objective the students need to worry about. Gakuhou Asano, the academy's merciless and cruel principal, seeks to prevent Class 3-E's success by brainwashing his other hard-working pupils into ruthlessly competitive studying machines. Hostility begins to linger in the air as traitors and killers alike attempt to claim the bounty on Koro-sensei's head for themselves.Nagisa Shiota, one of Class 3-E's most skilled assassins, finds himself in the middle of the conflict. While he works to maintain his academic standing and prevent the end of the world, domestic affairs jeopardize his place in Class 3-E. Together with his dedicated classmates, he must now face the threats head-on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the 24th century on the planet Aqua, three girls—Akari Mizunashi, Alice Carroll, and Aika S. Granzchesta—continue to work hard toward achieving their goal of becoming Prima Undines: professional tour guide gondoliers. Luckily, the girls have the guidance of the three best Prima Undines in Neo-Venezia—Alicia Florence, Athena Glory, and Akira E. Ferrari—who are known as the "Water Fairies" in honor of their skill. With their help, the young apprentices train hard and work to overcome any situations that they find themselves in.Aria The Origination follows the hardships and daily lives of these three young girls, who are doing their best to improve as tour gondoliers in Neo-Venezia, a terraformed replica of Venice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The young girls of Mitakihara happily live their lives, occasionally fighting off evil, but otherwise going about their peaceful, everyday routines. However, Homura Akemi feels that something is wrong with this unusually pleasant atmosphere—though the others remain oblivious, she can't help but suspect that there is more to what is going on than meets the eye: someone who should not exist is currently present to join in on their activities.Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica Movie 3: Hangyaku no Monogatari follows Homura in her struggle to uncover the painful truth behind the mysterious circumstances, as she selfishly and desperately fights for the sake of her undying love in this despair-ridden conclusion to the story of five magical girls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takagi and Nishikata's final summer in junior high is about to begin, and it's already off to a heartwarming start! When the pair find an abandoned kitten, they decide to work together and take care of their adorable new companion until they can locate its missing mother.(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Ever since the death of his father, the burden of supporting the family has fallen upon Tanjirou Kamado's shoulders. Though living impoverished on a remote mountain, the Kamado family are able to enjoy a relatively peaceful and happy life. One day, Tanjirou decides to go down to the local village to make a little money selling charcoal. On his way back, night falls, forcing Tanjirou to take shelter in the house of a strange man, who warns him of the existence of flesh-eating demons that lurk in the woods at night.When he finally arrives back home the next day, he is met with a horrifying sight—his whole family has been slaughtered. Worse still, the sole survivor is his sister Nezuko, who has been turned into a bloodthirsty demon. Consumed by rage and hatred, Tanjirou swears to avenge his family and stay by his only remaining sibling. Alongside the mysterious group calling themselves the Demon Slayer Corps, Tanjirou will do whatever it takes to slay the demons and protect the remnants of his beloved sister's humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Along an empty road in the rural countryside, Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji stumble across a stone plaque that reads "Yi City." Still on their quest to unravel the mystery behind the cursed severed arm, they venture into the deserted city to obtain further leads.However, with the appearance of a mysterious new cultivator, the demonic arm investigation leads Wei Wuxian and Lan Wangji to a plot that threatens the cultivation world as they know it. The gravity of the new situation escalates when the two find it involves the chief cultivator of the renowned Lanling Jin Sect—Jin Guangyao.As the pair continue to piece together the crucial conspiracies of the cultivation history, their friends and colleagues grow suspicious of their motives. With the world against him, Wei Wuxian must prove he is not the demonic sorcerer people believe him to be to regain their trust and save the cultivation world from the sinister evil lurking within it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japan, 1955: Mario Minakami has just arrived at Shounan Special Reform School along with five other teenagers who have been arrested on serious criminal charges. All assigned to the same cell, they meet older inmate Rokurouta Sakuragi—a former boxer—with whom they establish a close bond. Under his guidance, and with the promise that they will meet again on the outside after serving their sentences, the delinquents begin to view their hopeless situation in a better light.The seven cellmates struggle together against the brutal suffering and humiliation inflicted upon them by Ishihara, a sadistic guard with a grudge on Rokurouta, and Gisuke Sasaki, a doctor who takes pleasure in violating boys. Facing such hellish conditions, the seven inmates must scrape together all the strength they have to survive until their sentences are up; but even if they do, just what kind of lives are waiting for them on the other side?[Written by MAL Rewrite] Aslan Jade Callenreese, known as Ash Lynx, was a runaway picked off the streets of New York City and raised by the infamous godfather of the mafia, Dino Golzine. Now 17 years old and the boss of his own gang, Ash begins investigating the mysterious "Banana Fish"—the same two words his older brother, Griffin, has muttered since his return from the Iraq War. However, his inquiries are hindered when Dino sends his men after Ash at an underground bar he uses as a hideout.At the bar, Skip, Ash's friend, introduces him to Shunichi Ibe and his assistant, Eiji Okumura, who are Japanese photographers reporting on American street gangs. However, their conversation is interrupted when Shorter Wong, one of Ash's allies, calls to warn him about Dino. Soon, Dino's men storm the bar, and in the ensuing chaos kidnap Skip and Eiji. Now, Ash must find a way to rescue them and continue his investigation into Banana Fish, but will his history with the mafia prevent him from succeeding?[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the war temporarily calms down and Edo rebuilds, Gintoki finds Shinpachi—who is still unaware of his return—on a bridge. However, as a fight quickly breaks out between the Yorozuya and the Tenshouin Naraku, suspicion grows, forcing Gintoki to use what is nearest—a loincloth—to mask his identity. Saved for the time being, Gintoki enters the Yorozuya office, but unbeknownst to him, someone else is already waiting there...Meanwhile, Kondou departs Earth to marry Princess Bubbles in an attempt to improve diplomatic relations. After boarding the Gorilla Amanto mother ship, he realizes that he doesn't speak their language. Confused, Kondou tries conversing with them, only to inadvertently gain their support. However, someone associated with the princess crashes the ongoing ceremony. Will the wedding continue, or has Kondou just been saved from becoming the next Gorilla Prince?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Winning the high school team tournament was a great accomplishment for the Mizusawa members. Each of them has made great strides in improving themselves, and the victory symbolizes how far they have come. But after accomplishing one goal, their individual aims are within reach. Chihaya Ayase has her sights set on Shinobu Wakamiya and the title of Queen, and now that Taichi Mashima has made it into Class A, he can finally compete against Arata Wataya. Everyone in Mizusawa wants to get better, and there is no telling what the future holds if they keep trying.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One fateful day, Yuusuke Urameshi, a 14-year-old delinquent with a dim future, gets a miraculous chance to turn it all around when he throws himself in front of a moving car to save a young boy. His ultimate sacrifice is so out of character that the authorities of the spirit realm are not yet prepared to let him pass on. Koenma, heir to the throne of the spirit realm, offers Yuusuke an opportunity to regain his life through completion of a series of tasks. With the guidance of the death god Botan, he is to thwart evil presences on Earth as a Spirit Detective.To help him on his venture, Yuusuke enlists ex-rival Kazuma Kuwabara, and two demons, Hiei and Kurama, who have criminal pasts. Together, they train and battle against enemies who would threaten humanity's very existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nichijou primarily focuses on the daily antics of a trio of childhood friends—high school girls Mio Naganohara, Yuuko Aioi and Mai Minakami—whose stories soon intertwine with the young genius Hakase Shinonome, her robot caretaker Nano, and their talking cat Sakamoto. With every passing day, the lives of these six, as well as of the many people around them, experience both the calms of normal life and the insanity of the absurd. Walking to school, being bitten by a talking crow, spending time with friends, and watching the principal suplex a deer: they are all in a day's work in the extraordinary everyday lives of those in Nichijou. [Written by MAL Rewrite]A peculiar transfer student named Ougi Oshino has just arrived at Naoetsu Private High School. She is quickly introduced to senior student Koyomi Araragi by their mutual friend Kanbaru Suruga, in hopes of obtaining advice regarding a strange discovery she has made. After taking a look at the school's layout, Ougi notices that a classroom has appeared in an otherwise empty area—a place that should not exist. Unsure if this is the work of an apparition, Araragi and Ougi attempt to unravel the truth behind this enigma. But Araragi soon discovers, after finding himself locked in with Ougi, that the room holds the memory of an event he had long since forgotten.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No longer concerned with military affairs, Yukichi Fukuzawa intends to act as a lone bodyguard-for-hire, making use of his deadly swordsmanship. However, things are not going as planned for his freelance business, and that is when he crosses paths with a mouthy boy named Ranpo Edogawa. While their initial interactions are intertwined with a bizarre murder mystery, the aftermath prompts the formation of the Armed Detective Agency.Presently, Ranpo finds himself chasing down a gifted individual with the dangerous ability to execute the perfect crime. But as the great detective unravels the case, he soon discovers an elaborate plot to obliterate the Agency in its entirety.Although forewarned of the trap, the Agency continue their pursuit of the criminals, only to end up framed for the crime themselves. Now branded as wanted terrorists, the remaining members must find a way to prove their innocence—even if they must turn to sworn enemies for assistance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After obtaining information about Asirpa from the foreteller Inkarmat, Saichi "The Immortal" Sugimoto, Genjirou Tanigaki, and Cikapasi join the Seventh Division's Otonoshin Koito and Hajime Tsukishima on a journey to Karafuto. Heading further north into the freezing Russian territory, they collect any clues about Asirpa's whereabouts they can find and rush after her.Meanwhile, Asirpa is unaware of what truly transpired at Abashiri Prison. Deeply disturbed and confused by her father Wilk's past actions, Asirpa follows his old friend Kiroranke to the place where Wilk was born and raised in order to better understand his motives. However, Kiroranke and the master sniper Hyakunosuke Ogata are scheming behind her back.Even if they were to obtain all 24 tattooed skins that form a map to the lost Ainu gold, the various factions searching for it now understand that the map is useless without Asirpa. Realizing the danger she could be in, Sugimoto desperately hopes to reach Asirpa first and protect her from the greedy clutches of those who plan to drag her into their sins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Violent misfortunes frequently occur around 16-year-old Yuuta Okkotsu, a timid victim of high school bullying. Yuuta is saddled with a monstrous curse, a power that dishes out brutal revenge against his bullies. Rika Orimoto, Yuuta's curse, is a shadow from his tragic childhood and a potentially lethal threat to anyone who dares wrong him.Yuuta's unique situation catches the attention of Satoru Gojou, a powerful sorcerer who teaches at Tokyo Prefectural Jujutsu High School. Gojou sees immense potential in Yuuta, and he hopes to help the boy channel his deadly burden into a force for good. Yet Yuuta struggles to find his place among his talented classmates: the selectively mute Toge Inumaki, weapons expert Maki Zenin, and Panda.Yuuta clumsily utilizes Rika on missions with the other first-year students, but the grisly aftermath of Rika's tremendous displays of power draws the interest of the calculating curse user Suguru Getou. As Getou strives to claim Rika's strength and use it to eliminate all non-jujutsu users from the world, Yuuta fights alongside his friends to stop the genocidal plot.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a year in America, Kurisu Makise returns to Akihabara and reunites with Rintarou Okabe. However, their reunion is cut short when Okabe begins to experience recurring flashes of other timelines as the consequences of his time traveling start to manifest. These side effects eventually culminate in Okabe suddenly vanishing from the world, and only the startled Kurisu has any memory of his existence.In the midst of despair, Kurisu is faced with a truly arduous choice that will test both her duty as a scientist and her loyalty as a friend: follow Okabe's advice and stay away from traveling through time to avoid the potential consequences it may have on the world lines, or ignore it to rescue the person that she cherishes most. Regardless of her decision, the path she chooses is one that will affect the past, the present, and the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Graduation day is finally here, marking the end of Koyomi Araragi's eccentric high school life full of peculiar relationships with otherworldly beings.However, Araragi is unexpectedly absorbed into his own bathroom mirror and trapped inside a bizarre world where everything he knows is completely reversed—the haughty Karen Araragi is shorter than usual, poker-faced Yotsugi Ononoki is brimming with emotion, and cute ghost girl Mayoi Hachikuji is a grown woman! But not everything is as it seems.Zoku Owarimonogatari details the story of Araragi's endeavors in this new world as he struggles to return to his home and understand the nature of this bizarre dimension.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since having witnessed the "Little Giant" and his astonishing skills on the volleyball court, Shouyou Hinata has been bewitched by the dynamic nature of the sport. Even though his attempt to make his debut as a volleyball regular during a middle school tournament went up in flames, he longs to prove that his less-than-impressive height ceases to be a hindrance in the face of his sheer will and perseverance.When Hinata enrolls in Karasuno High School, the Little Giant's alma mater, he believes that he is one step closer to his goal of becoming a professional volleyball player. Although the school only retains a shadow of its former glory, Hinata's conviction isn't shaken until he learns that Tobio Kageyama—the prodigy who humiliated Hinata's middle school volleyball team in a crushing defeat—is now his teammate.To fulfill his desire of leaving a mark on the realm of volleyball—so often regarded as the domain of the tall and the strong—Hinata must smooth out his differences with Kageyama. Only when Hinata learns what it takes to be a part of a team will he be able to join the race to the top in earnest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Joutarou Kuujou and his allies have finally made it to Egypt, where the immortal Dio awaits. Upon their arrival, the group gains a new comrade: Iggy, a mutt who wields the Stand "The Fool." It's not all good news however, as standing in their path is a new group of Stand users who serve Dio, each with a Stand representative of an ancient Egyptian god. As their final battle approaches, it is a race against time to break Joutarou's mother free from her curse and end Dio's reign of terror over the Joestar family once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Demonic Vice-Commander of the Shinsengumi, Toushirou Hijikata, acquires a cursed sword—one which completely rewrites his personality, morphing him from a hard-boiled, no-nonsense cop into a hopeless otaku. As he struggles to break the curse, an ambitious new member of the police force, Itou Kamotarou, seizes the opportunity to depose Hijikata in his bid for power within the organization. However, Itou's scheme is revealed to be more devious than anyone imagined, and the very existence of the Shinsengumi is thrown into peril.In another time and place, the Yorozuya squad is suddenly greeted by a potential new recruit. Before them is a mysterious young woman named Pirako Doromizu who hides a penchant for extreme violence behind her smiling, enthusiastic exterior. However, unbeknownst to Gintoki and the others, Pirako has strong ties to one of the ruling figures of the Kabuki district of Edo, and her arrival sets off a chain reaction that throws the inhabitants of the district into a civil war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Iori Kitahara moves to the coastal town of Izu for his freshman year at its university, taking residence above Grand Blue, his uncle's scuba diving shop. Iori has high hopes and dreams about having the ideal college experience, but when he enters the shop he is sucked into the alcoholic activities of the carefree members of the Diving Club who frequent the place. Persuaded by upperclassmen Shinji Tokita and Ryuujirou Kotobuki, Iori reluctantly joins their bizarre party. His cousin Chisa Kotegawa later walks in and catches him in the act, earning Iori her utter disdain.Based on Kenji Inoue and Kimitake Yoshioka's popular comedy manga, Grand Blue follows Iori's misadventures with his eccentric new friends as he strives to realize his ideal college dream, while also learning how to scuba dive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is not strange that the Demon Lord's forces fear the Crimson Demons, the clan from which Megumin and Yunyun originate. Even if the Demon Lord's generals attack their village, the Crimson Demons can just easily brush them off with their supreme mastery of advanced and overpowered magic.When Yunyun receives a seemingly serious letter regarding a potential disaster coming to her hometown, she immediately informs Kazuma Satou and the rest of his party. After a series of wacky misunderstandings, it turns out to be a mere prank by her fellow demon who wants to be an author. Even so, Megumin becomes worried about her family and sets out toward the Crimson Demons' village with the gang.There, Kazuma and the others decide to sightsee the wonders of Megumin's birthplace. However, they soon come to realize that the nonsense threat they received might have been more than just a joke.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mysterious, unknowable creatures alien to the laws of nature—known only to some and feared by others—"Mushi" lie behind many of life's strange phenomena.Long ago, a Mushi of terrifying power threatened to extinguish all life. The Minai clan of Mushishi were born from those who stopped this malevolent force, their members bound by duty to serve as retainers to the Karibusa family, within whom the Mushi remains sealed. The Mushishi Ginko is given a job request from Tanyuu Karibusa: oversee the work of the head of the Minai clan, Kumado Minai, in investigating an abandoned village where dead wood and even houses spring back to life as flourishing plants.Though the Minai clan are oddly ruthless among Mushishi, even more peculiar is their widespread dull character, with little appreciation for beauty or sentiment. Tanyuu believes there is more to this trend than meets the eye. Ginko aims to answer her curiosity as he follows Kumado into a "Path of Thorns," a place where Mushi flow from their own strange sources into the world of the living. Rare and deadly varieties of Mushi lurk in these depths, along with the secret nature of the Minai clan's resolve to their ancient task.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a stern yet compelling speech by Otto Suwen, Subaru Natsuki solemnly swears that he will successfully make it through this timeline and save everyone he can along the way. The first step toward achieving this goal is to help Emilia work through her past; however, that is easier said than done. Feeling as if she has been lied to by everyone around her, it will be difficult for Emilia to trust anyone, even Subaru, her self-proclaimed knight.Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu 2nd Season Part 2 presents the culmination of Subaru's experiences with the Sanctuary and its people, along with his unwillingness to give up hope on saving them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As time marches forward, Rin Shima, Nadeshiko Kagamihara, and their friends have grown into full-fledged adults. Now with careers and responsibilities, they can no longer freely spend their days camping and adventuring. However, Chiaki Oogaki, who currently works for the Yamanashi Tourism Organization, reunites the group as she comes up with an exciting proposal—to build a campground together to revitalize an abandoned patch of land from their homeplace, the Yamanashi Prefecture.Motivated by this ambitious project, the girls combine their efforts to create an environment where future generations can enjoy unique moments as they once did, all while reminiscing the charms of camping from their high school days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Many years before becoming the famed captain of the Survey Corps, a young Levi struggles to survive in the capital's garbage dump, the Underground. As the boss of his own criminal operation, Levi attempts to get by with meager earnings while aided by fellow criminals, Isabel Magnolia and Farlan Church. With little hope for the future, Levi accepts a deal from the anti-expedition faction leader Nicholas Lobov, who promises the trio citizenship aboveground if they are able to successfully assassinate Erwin Smith, a squad leader of the Survey Corps.As Levi and Erwin cross paths, Erwin acknowledges Levi's agility and skill and gives him the option to either become part of the expedition team, or be turned over to the Military Police, to atone for his crimes. Now closer to the man they are tasked to kill, the group plans to complete their mission and save themselves from a grim demise in the dim recesses of their past home. However, they are about to learn that the surface world is not as liberating as they had thought and that sometimes, freedom can come at a heavy price.Based on the popular spin-off manga of the same name, Shingeki no Kyojin: Kuinaki Sentaku illustrates the encounter between two of Shingeki no Kyojin's pivotal characters, as well as the events of the 23rd expedition beyond the walls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Tokise High School Koto Club has courageously pushed through their fractured and unsynchronized performance at the Kanto Region Traditional Japanese Music Festival. Club members Chika Kudou, Satowa Houzuki, Takezou Kurata, Hiro Kurusu, Kouta Mizuhara, Saneyasu Adachi, and Michitaka Sakai are devastated to learn the negative results of their performance, leaving them crushed. Nonetheless, the group recognizes their potential and enthusiastically agree to collectively sharpen their skills, improve their flaws, and develop higher caliber playing to succeed in the upcoming national qualifiers in winter.With the help of their now willing club advisor Suzuka Takinami, the group's goal gradually becomes achievable as they begin to grasp the foundations of good music and refine their koto-playing abilities, with the suggestion of performing more often to gain what they lack most—experience.However, as their journey to nationals is underway, the koto club members face challenges that obstruct their focus and progress. Not only does the threat of other powerhouse schools and musicians remain, but the high school issues of budding romance and soon-to-be-graduating seniors also begin to push the limits of the determined group of teenagers and the future of the koto club.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the not so distant future, mankind has advanced to a state where complete body transplants from flesh to machine is possible. This allows for great increases in both physical and cybernetic prowess and blurring the lines between the two worlds. However, criminals can also make full use of such technology, leading to new and sometimes, very dangerous crimes. In response to such innovative new methods, the Japanese Government has established Section 9, an independently operating police unit which deals with such highly sensitive crimes.Led by Daisuke Aramaki and Motoko Kusanagi, Section 9 deals with such crimes over the entire social spectrum, usually with success. However, when faced with a new A level hacker nicknamed "The Laughing Man," the team is thrown into a dangerous cat and mouse game, following the hacker's trail as it leaves its mark on Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The "Medicine Seller" is a deadly and mysterious master of the occult who travels across feudal Japan in search of malevolent spirits called "mononoke" to slay. When he locates one of these spirits, he cannot simply kill it; he must first learn its Form, its Truth, and its Reason in order to wield the mighty Exorcism Sword and fight against it. He must begin  his strange exorcisms with intense psychological analysis and careful investigative work—an extremely dangerous step, as he must first confront and learn about the mononoke before he even has the means to defeat it.The Medicine Seller's journey leads him to an old-fashioned inn where Shino, a pregnant woman, has finally found a place to rest. The owner has reluctantly placed her in the last vacant room; however, as she settles in, it quickly becomes clear that the room is infested by a lethal band of mononoke, the Zashiki Warashi. With his hunter's intuition, the Medicine Seller begins his investigation to discover the Form, the Truth, and the Reason before the Zashiki Warashi can kill again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takashi Natsume and his spirit companion Madara, nicknamed "Nyanko," continue returning the names of spirits from the Book of Friends given by his late grandmother Reiko Natsume.On his way back from school one day, Takashi encounters a lurking spirit named Monmonbou, who recalls memories of Takashi's grandmother after hearing his name. Takashi's natural curiosity leads him to explore a mysterious town where his grandmother used to live. Befriending her old acquaintance Yorie Tsumura and Yorie's son Mukuo, Takashi unveils more of his grandmother's past.In the meantime, Nyanko detours for food and stumbles upon a suspicious "Spirit Seed," which miraculously sprouts into a fruit tree overnight. Giving in to temptation, Nyanko consumes the fruit, splitting him into three. Seeking a solution to Nyanko's predicament, Takashi and his friends lend a hand, unexpectedly uncovering more secrets the town holds in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the second Winter Comiket just around the corner, Blessing Software has been vigorously producing its new game, "How to Raise a Boring Girlfriend." Despite Utaha Kasumigaoka and Eriri Spencer Sawamura leaving the circle, Megumi Katou and Tomoya Aki are hopeful that, by sticking to Tomoya's original vision for the game, their upcoming creation will exceed Blessing Software's previous installment.With the addition of new members Iori and Izumi Hashima, development ensues—but not without its share of setbacks. Things rarely go as planned in the dating sim industry, with numerous obstacles forcing Tomoya to decide between helping his friends or completing the game. Saenai Heroine no Sodatekata Fine draws the series to a close as Tomoya selects his final route, both within his personal life and Blessing Software.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The disastrous life of the gifted psychic Kusuo Saiki continues, despite his utmost effort to live an ordinary life. Although he has certainly grown accustomed to dealing with his troublesome friends—who are his biggest hurdle to achieving a peaceful life—he still has a long way to go. Also joining the usual oddballs are a few new faces whose shenanigans add to Saiki's misery, making his dreams of a hassle-free life a distant fantasy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the renowned Shuchiin Academy, Miyuki Shirogane and Kaguya Shinomiya are the student body's top representatives. Ranked the top student in the nation and respected by peers and mentors alike, Miyuki serves as the student council president. Alongside him, the vice president Kaguya—eldest daughter of the wealthy Shinomiya family—excels in every field imaginable. They are the envy of the entire student body, regarded as the perfect couple.However, despite both having already developed feelings for the other, neither are willing to admit them. The first to confess loses, will be looked down upon, and will be considered the lesser. With their honor and pride at stake, Miyuki and Kaguya are both equally determined to be the one to emerge victorious on the battlefield of love![Written by MAL Rewrite]To the average person, psychic abilities might seem a blessing; for Kusuo Saiki, however, this could not be further from the truth. Gifted with a wide assortment of supernatural abilities ranging from telepathy to x-ray vision, he finds this so-called blessing to be nothing but a curse. As all the inconveniences his powers cause constantly pile up, all Kusuo aims for is an ordinary, hassle-free life—a life where ignorance is bliss.Unfortunately, the life of a psychic is far from quiet. Though Kusuo tries to stay out of the spotlight by keeping his powers a secret from his classmates, he ends up inadvertently attracting the attention of many odd characters, such as the empty-headed Riki Nendou and the delusional Shun Kaidou. Forced to deal with the craziness of the people around him, Kusuo comes to learn that the ordinary life he has been striving for is a lot more difficult to achieve than expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite Kyouko Honda's tragic death, her vivid memory lives on, providing guidance through times of hardship to her close ones. However, Kyouko was not always the wise and radiant person that she is fondly remembered as in the present day.Feeling deserted by her own family and rejected by society, a young Kyouko abandons stability for a life of delinquency, jeopardizing her education and future. Fortunately, her descent into despair is interrupted by a fateful encounter with her husband-to-be Katsuya, who has recently started his teaching internship at her school. With a composure surprisingly unaffected by Kyouko's tantrums, Katsuya quickly wins her over through his gentleness and attention toward her—sincere gestures that she has never received before. As the two grow closer together, Kyouko opens her tormented heart to him and, along with it, a door to new horizons.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hunters are specialized in a wide variety of fields, ranging from treasure hunting to cooking. They have access to otherwise unavailable funds and information that allow them to pursue their dreams and interests. However, being a hunter is a special privilege, only attained by taking a deadly exam with an extremely low success rate.Gon Freecss, a 12-year-old boy with the hope of finding his missing father, sets out on a quest to take the Hunter Exam. Along the way, he picks up three companions who also aim to take the dangerous test: the revenge-seeking Kurapika, aspiring doctor Leorio Paladiknight, and a mischievous child the same age as Gon, Killua Zoldyck.As the four aspiring hunters embark on a perilous adventure, they fight for their dreams while defying the odds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Isabella, the daughter of the noble York family, is enrolled in an all-girls academy to be groomed into a dame worthy of nobility. However, she has given up on her future, seeing the prestigious school as nothing more than a prison from the outside world. Her family notices her struggling in her lessons and decides to hire Violet Evergarden to personally tutor her under the guise of a handmaiden. At first, Isabella treats Violet coldly. Violet seems to be able to do everything perfectly, leading Isabella to assume that she was born with a silver spoon. After some time together, Isabella begins to realize that Violet has had her own struggles and starts to open up to her. Isabella soon reveals that she has lost contact with her beloved younger sister, Taylor Bartlett, whom she yearns to see again. Having experienced the power of words through her past clientele, Violet asks if Isabella wishes to write a letter to Taylor. Will Violet be able to help Isabella convey her feelings to her long-lost sister?[Written by MAL Rewrite]When highly evolved AIs set out to eradicate mankind, the carnage that ensues fills the air with the stench of fresh blood and burning bodies. In a desperate bid to prevent the calamity from ever occurring, a scientist bets everything on a remnant from the past.Turning the clock back a hundred years, AIs are already an integral part of human society, programmed with specific missions meant to be carried out for their entire course of operation. Vivy, the first ever autonomous AI, is a songstress tasked with spreading happiness through her voice. In a theme park where she hardly ever gets a proper audience, she strives to pour her heart out into her performances, bound to repeat it day after day—that is, until an advanced AI from the future appears before her and enlists her help in stopping a devastating war a hundred years in the making. With no time to process the revelation that flips her world upside down, Vivy is catapulted into a century-long journey to avert the violent history yet to come.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While playing in the snow one day at her shrine, the land god Nanami Momozono witnesses her familiar—the fox youkai Tomoe—collapse, with dark markings appearing on his body. Tomoe's former master, Lord Mikage, appears after his long absence and places Tomoe into a magical pocket mirror in order to stave off his ailment.Mikage explains that long ago, before he and Tomoe had met, the fox youkai was in love with a human woman. Seeking to live as a human with his beloved, he made a deal with a fallen god, but he only ended up cursed and dying. When Mikage discovered Tomoe, the god made the youkai forget his human love as a quick solution. However, something has changed recently to reactivate the curse; Tomoe has fallen in love with his new human master, Nanami. Since there is no way to stop the curse, Nanami wants to stop Tomoe from getting cursed in the first place by traveling back through time, even if it means they may never meet. As Nanami travels back hundreds of years to save her precious familiar, she discovers that she is far more closely bonded to Tomoe than she previously thought.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As summer break comes to an end, Nishikata is stoked to try out his newest pranks and finally outdo his classmate Takagi once and for all. Despite his losing streak, he is slowly getting to know the unrelenting workings of her crafty mind. However, he soon realizes that Takagi's motivations behind her teasing may not be what he initially assumed. One thing is certain, though: each fun-filled day of strategizing and competing brings the two closer than ever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Baseball World Cup is nearing, and Gorou Honda is eager to represent his country. However, one small problem stands in his way: the team roster has already been selected, and he is not a part of it. Nonetheless, Gorou remains adamant to join. He becomes a practice pitcher for the Japanese national team, hoping to demonstrate his incredible speed and skills to the team's manager. Fortunately, Gorou is given the chance to prove his worth: he must show an impressive performance in the upcoming practice match involving the veteran Japanese team and the young players who hope to replace them. The World Cup will bring together some of the strongest players from around the globe. It will also set the stage for Gorou's long-awaited showdown with his longtime rival, Joe Gibson.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Xian: the state of immortality that all cultivators strive to achieve. However, there is a dark energy that lies underneath—the forbidden Mo Dao, or demonic path. Through an unfortunate series of tragedies, this is the path that cultivator Wei Wuxian experiments with during his teachings. His rise in power is accompanied by chaos and destruction, but his reign of terror comes to an abrupt end when the cultivation clans overpower him and he is killed by his closest ally.Thirteen years later, Wei Wuxian is reincarnated in the body of a lunatic and reunited with Lan Wangji, a former classmate of his. This marks the beginning of a supernatural mystery that plagues the clans and threatens to disrupt their everyday life.Mo Dao Zu Shi follows these two men on their mission to unravel the mysteries of the spiritual world. Fighting demons, ghosts, and even other cultivators, the two end up forming a bond that neither of them had ever expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Suzunaru no Kirikabu On a hot summer day, Takashi Natsume and his feline companion Madara take a walk to buy jelly. Suddenly a truck passes the two, running over an old, masked man who asks Natsume for help. The mysterious individual turns out to be a youkai, the spirit of the Suzunaru tree that was recently hit by lightning and cut down. As the tree withers away, the youkai requests Natsume to fulfill his one final wish: to bring him water every day until he draws his last breath.Mugen no Kakera Tamami, a young schoolgirl, counts her steps through a forest, following instructions on a piece of paper. She stops to take a break and falls asleep but is awakened by an odd talking cat. Through meeting the cat and his human partner, Natsume, she learns that the forest has its own separate world from the contemporary, where one can see things otherwise invisible. Putting her trust in the duo, Tamami tells them about the story of how she helped a white owl that reappeared in her dreams to lead her back inside the bizarre forest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Maquia is a member of a special race called the Iorph—mystical beings who can live for hundreds of years and remain separate from the lives and daily troubles of mankind. However, Maquia has always felt lonely despite being surrounded by her people, as she was orphaned from a young age. She daydreams about the outside world, but dares not travel from her home due to the warnings of the clan's chief.One day however, the outside world finds her, as the power-hungry kingdom of Mezarte invades her homeland. They already have what is left of the giant dragons, the Renato, under their control, and now their king wishes to add the immortality of the Iorph to his bloodline.The humans and their Renato ravage the Iorph homeland and kill most of its inhabitants. Caught in the midst of the attack, Maquia is carried off by one of the Renato that has gone berserk. It soon dies, and she is left deserted in a forest far from home, now truly alone save for the cries of a single baby off in the distance. Maquia finds the baby in a destroyed village and decides to raise him as her own, naming him Ariel. Although she knows nothing of the human world, how to raise a child that ages much faster than her, or how to live with the smoldering loneliness inside, she is determined to make it all work somehow.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The red-light district, Yoshiwara, is suddenly taken over by "Aizen Kou," an incense that has the ability to make anyone fall in love with the first person they see. Having been outlawed for its strong potency, the love drug was thought to have disappeared from the red-light district for good; however, it seems to have found its way back inside Yoshiwara's walls and now has the entire district under its influence.Of those affected is the cold-hearted Hyakka captain, Tsukuyo, and the first person she sees after inhaling the smoke is none other than the brazen Yorozuya leader, Gintoki Sakata. Unbeknownst to everyone else though, she was already attracted to Gintoki. With those hidden feelings now intensified, Tsukuyo must overcome her afflictions and work with the Yorozuya to return everyone back to normal. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The fourth film in the six-part Girls & Panzer: Saishuushou film series. In the mysterious future, crystalline organisms called Gems inhabit a world that has been destroyed by six meteors. Each Gem is assigned a role in order to fight against the Lunarians, a species who attacks them in order to shatter their bodies and use them as decorations. Phosphophyllite, also known as Phos, is a young and fragile Gem who dreams of helping their friends in the war effort. Instead, they are told to compile an encyclopedia because of their delicate condition. After begrudgingly embarking on this task, Phos meets Cinnabar, an intelligent gem who has been relegated to patrolling the isolated island at night because of the corrosive poison their body creates. After seeing how unhappy Cinnabar is, Phos decides to find a role that both of the rejected Gems can enjoy. Houseki no Kuni follows Phos' efforts to be useful and protect their fellow Gems.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Equipped with his passion for diving and admiration for marine biology, university student Tsuneo Suzukawa tries his best to juggle several part-time jobs to earn enough money to study abroad. But one night, in a fateful accident, he meets a girl in a wheelchair, driving his current path into a detour.The girl, Kumiko—who prefers to be called "Josee"—initially comes off as rude. Tsuneo, however, is then convinced by Josee's grandmother to take on the paid job to be Josee's caretaker. Despite being annoyed with her bossy demeanor, Tsuneo sees the opportunity to save more funds to support his academic dream. Nonetheless, after putting up with Josee's behavior for some time, Tsuneo tries to quit, only to discover Josee's dreams of traversing the outside world—to experience a life free from her crippling condition.Changing his mind, Tsuneo decides to accompany Josee in exploring the wonders that the world has to offer. Through their time together, the two begin to realize that the traits that bind them may be vital toward fulfilling their respective aspirations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having reached professional status in middle school, Rei Kiriyama is one of the few elite in the world of shogi. Due to this, he faces an enormous amount of pressure, both from the shogi community and his adoptive family. Seeking independence from his tense home life, he moves into an apartment in Tokyo. As a 17-year-old living on his own, Rei tends to take poor care of himself, and his reclusive personality ostracizes him from his peers in school and at the shogi hall.However, not long after his arrival in Tokyo, Rei meets Akari, Hinata, and Momo Kawamoto, a trio of sisters living with their grandfather who owns a traditional wagashi shop. Akari, the oldest of the three girls, is determined to combat Rei's loneliness and poorly sustained lifestyle with motherly hospitality. The Kawamoto sisters, coping with past tragedies, also share with Rei a unique familial bond that he has lacked for most of his life. As he struggles to maintain himself physically and mentally through his shogi career, Rei must learn how to interact with others and understand his own complex emotions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"I will definitely become the world's best Jazz player!"Blue Giant follows Dai Miyamoto, who is a member of the basketball club. While attending junior high school one day, a friend takes him to a live jazz performance, which inspires him deeply. Thereafter, he begins practicing the tenor saxophone by himself, without the ability to read sheet music.Rain or shine, day or night, Dai continues to practice. During his first performance, he is criticized by the audience, however, Dai passionately blows away at his saxophone. A tale of reaching his goal recklessly and sincerely begins.(Source: MAL News)Chihaya Ayase is obsessed with developing her school's competitive karuta club, nursing daunting ambitions like winning the national team championship at the Omi Jingu and becoming the Queen, the best female karuta player in Japan—and in extension, the world. As their second year of high school rolls around, Chihaya and her fellow teammates must recruit new members, train their minds and bodies alike, and battle the formidable opponents that stand in their way to the championship title. Meanwhile, Chihaya's childhood friend, Arata Wataya, the prodigy who introduced her to karuta, rediscovers his lost love for the old card game.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Another day, another bounty—such is the life of the often unlucky crew of the Bebop. However, this routine is interrupted when Faye, who is chasing a fairly worthless target on Mars, witnesses an oil tanker suddenly explode, causing mass hysteria. As casualties mount due to a strange disease spreading through the smoke from the blast, a whopping three hundred million woolong price is placed on the head of the supposed perpetrator.With lives at stake and a solution to their money problems in sight, the Bebop crew springs into action. Spike, Jet, Faye, and Edward, followed closely by Ein, split up to pursue different leads across Alba City. Through their individual investigations, they discover a cover-up scheme involving a pharmaceutical company, revealing a plot that reaches much further than the ragtag team of bounty hunters could have realized.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kou Kitamura and Aoba Tsukishima are often at odds—even though their families happen to be close friends and business partners. Although the only child of a sports shop owner, Kou has never been interested in playing baseball. Despite this, he possesses an impressive batting ability honed by frequent visits to the local baseball batting center run by the Tsukushima family. On the other hand, Aoba loves to play baseball and is a star player with exceptional pitching form.However, these two seemingly complete opposites share something very important to them—Wakaba Tsukishima, Aoba's older sister and Kou's destined sweetheart. Admired by the quarrelsome duo, Wakaba often finds herself the catalyst to their never-ending rivalry. But whether or not they realize that they have more in common than either would care to admit, only time will tell. The game of baseball may just be what the pair needs to ultimately overcome their own personal struggles.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Taking a break from his time as a teacher, the powerful slime Rimuru Tempest returns to his kingdom, eponymously named Tempest, just in time to begin negotiations with a nearby nation—the Kingdom of Eurazania. While the negotiations are anything but peaceful, they do end successfully, allowing Rimuru to return and finish teaching. When trying to again return to Tempest, this time permanently, Rimuru is stopped by a mysterious figure who is somehow able to constrain the many magical abilities he has at his disposal. In Tempest, the situation is even worse. A group of unknown humans has invaded the land and are assaulting its citizens, both influential and innocent. They are not just trying to bring harm either—they have the intent to kill. Can Rimuru overcome his powerful and dangerous foe and return to Tempest before it is too late?  [Written by MAL Rewrite]Enticed by its rumored wealth, Cid Kagenou happily tags along with his sister, Claire, on a trip to the infamous Lawless City. The region is ruled by three monarchs: Yukime, the Spirit Fox; Juggernaut, the Tyrant; and Elisabeth, a dormant progenitor vampire known as the Blood Queen. Hunting Elisabeth down serves as the perfect opportunity for Claire to prove her true mettle. On the other hand, Cid has different objectives—sneaking away from Claire's sight, collecting as much loot as possible, and making Shadow's glorious entrance at the perfect moment.As Elisabeth's awakening draws near, her subordinate Crimson enacts a treacherous plot, sending the town into a frenzy. Searching for her now-missing brother, Claire finds an unexpected ally in Mary, a vampire hunter, and the pair hurry to the Crimson Tower—the home of the Blood Queen. Meanwhile, Beta and a small team of Shadow Garden recruits also arrive at the Lawless City. As the key players converge on the Crimson Tower, the stage is set for a grand confrontation under the crimson moon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In February 1999, a string of murders has Shiki Ryougi and Mikiya Kokutou on edge. These crimes share a disturbing resemblance to a similar set of homicides from 1995, when Shiki and Mikiya first met, and awaken a dark, murderous desire that has laid dormant within Shiki's soul ever since then.With Shiki under suspicion due to her involvement in the past killings and supposed resemblance to the killer, she and Mikiya set out to find the true perpetrator. In the midst of their separate investigations, Mikiya grows increasingly concerned with Shiki's well-being and hurries to find the one responsible in order to protect Shiki from her own impulses. With the lead he receives from his cousin, police investigator Daisuke Akimi, Mikiya is led into the underbelly of Mifune City, as the salvation of Shiki's soul lies in his determination to prove her innocence once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Former ace runner of Sendai Josei High School, Kakeru Kurahara is chased away from a convenience store for shoplifting. Shaking off his pursuer, he runs into Haiji Kiyose, another student from his university. Haiji is impressed by Kakeru's agility and persuades him to live in Chikusei-sou, the run-down apartment where Haiji resides along with eight other students. Having lost his entire apartment deposit at a mahjong parlor, Kakeru accepts the offer reluctantly.However, Haiji reveals a secret during Kakeru's welcoming party: the apartment is actually the dormitory of the Kansei University Track Club. He unveils his ultimate goal of participating in the Hakone Ekiden—one of the most prominent university marathon relay races in Japan. Unfortunately, all the residents apart from Haiji and Kakeru are complete running novices. Worse still, none of the inhabitants are even remotely interested in being involved with Haiji's ridiculous plan! With only months before the deadline, will the fourth-year student be able to convince them otherwise and realize his elusive dream of running in the Hakone Ekiden?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A mysterious string of disappearances on a certain train has caught the attention of the Demon Slayer Corps, and they have sent one of their best to exterminate what can only be a demon responsible. However, the plan to board the Mugen Train is delayed by a lesser demon who is terrorizing the mechanics and targeting a kind, elderly woman and her granddaughter. Kyoujurou Rengoku, the Flame Hashira, must eliminate the threat before boarding the train.Sent to assist the Hashira, Tanjirou Kamado, Inosuke Hashira, and Zenitsu Agatsuma enter the train prepared to fight. But their monstrous target already has a devious plan in store for them and the two hundred passengers: by delving deep into their consciousness, the demon intends to obliterate everyone in a stunning display of the power held by the Twelve Kizuki. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The movie is a compilation of episodes 9-13 of the 2017 television series. Riko and Reg descend to the third layer where Riko has her first experience of the Curse. They descend to the fourth layer where Riko's arm is injured by an Orbed Piercer and Reg tries to save her. Nanachi comes to their aid and saves Riko's poisoned arm. In return Nanachi asks Reg to kill her immortal companion Mitty. Nanachi then joins Riko and Reg in their quest to reach the bottom of the Abyss.(Source: Wikipedia)Madoka Kaname and Sayaka Miki are regular middle school girls with regular lives, but all that changes when they encounter Kyuubey, a cat-like magical familiar, and Homura Akemi, the new transfer student.Kyuubey offers them a proposition: he will grant any one of their wishes and in exchange, they will each become a magical girl, gaining enough power to fulfill their dreams. However, Homura Akemi, a magical girl herself, urges them not to accept the offer, stating that everything is not what it seems.A story of hope, despair, and friendship, Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica deals with the difficulties of being a magical girl and the price one has to pay to make a dream come true.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Though Sayaka Miki's wish was fulfilled, the unforeseen consequences that came with it overwhelm her, causing her soul gem to become tainted as she succumbs to despair and eventually loses her humanity. Homura Akemi reveals to Kyouko Sakura and Madoka Kaname the ultimate fate of magical girls: once their soul gem becomes tainted, it transforms into a Grief Seed, and they are reborn as witches—a truth Homura learned only through repeating history countless times in a bid to prevent Madoka's tragedy.Kyuubey only compounds their despair when he confesses his true intentions: to harness the energy created from magical girls and use it to prolong the life of the universe. As the threat of Walpurgisnacht, a powerful witch, looms overhead, Homura once again vows to protect Madoka and the world from a grim fate.  Caught between honoring Homura's wish and saving the world, which one will Madoka choose in the end?Mahou Shoujo Madoka★Magica Movie 2: Eien no Monogatari is a story of inescapable destiny, and an unlikely hero who could change it all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing his masquerade as the deranged lunatic from the Lanling Jin Clan, Wei Wuxian resides in the Cloud Recesses while his former cultivation classmate, Lan Wangji, searches for answers about the demonic severed arm they have in custody. With an overwhelming dark energy emanating from the arm, the two are forced to work together in order to keep it contained. However, the demonic arm is not the only dark force lurking in the region, and as spiritual tensions rise in the mountains of the Gusu Lan Clan, it is up to the two of them to try and restore the natural order.The story of Wei Wuxian's fall from grace continues as more light is shed on his descent into the path of demonic cultivation. The demonic arm only further strains his mischievous spirit. This is the time for him to prove that he has truly broken free from the forbidden path and is not the maniacal sorcerer that everyone remembers him to be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite being bullied, scorned, and oppressed all of his life, a 34-year-old shut-in still found the resolve to attempt something heroic—only for it to end in a tragic accident. But in a twist of fate, he awakens in another world as Rudeus Greyrat, starting life again as a baby born to two loving parents.Preserving his memories and knowledge from his previous life, Rudeus quickly adapts to his new environment. With the mind of a grown adult, he starts to display magical talent that exceeds all expectations, honing his skill with the help of a mage named Roxy Migurdia. Rudeus learns swordplay from his father, Paul, and meets Sylphiette, a girl his age who quickly becomes his closest friend.As Rudeus' second chance at life begins, he tries to make the most of his new opportunity while conquering his traumatic past. And perhaps, one day, he may find the one thing he could not find in his old world—love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The carefree journeys of the four girls continue! As their fleeting yet eventful summer becomes a distant memory, the arrival of fall signals a new school year with limitless opportunities. Even as the four girls return to their peaceful routine, the appearance of new faces enlivens the anything but exciting rural life of Asahigaoka.Non Non Biyori Nonstop leisurely walks back into the lives of Hotaru Ichijou, Komari Koshigaya, Natsumi Koshigaya, and Renge Miyauchi as they fully embrace their rural lifestyles and turn anything they find into nothing but fun![Written by MAL Rewrite]Seishuu Handa is an up-and-coming calligrapher: young, handsome, talented, and unfortunately, a narcissist to boot. When a veteran labels his award-winning piece as "unoriginal," Seishuu quickly loses his cool with severe repercussions.As punishment, and also in order to aid him in self-reflection, Seishuu's father exiles him to the Goto Islands, far from the comfortable Tokyo lifestyle the temperamental artist is used to. Now thrown into a rural setting, Seishuu must attempt to find new inspiration and develop his own unique art style—that is, if boisterous children (headed by the frisky Naru Kotoishi), fujoshi middle schoolers, and energetic old men stop barging into his house! The newest addition to the intimate and quirky Goto community only wants to get some work done, but the islands are far from the peaceful countryside he signed up for. Thanks to his wacky neighbors who are entirely incapable of minding their own business, the arrogant calligrapher learns so much more than he ever hoped to.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During the early 1930s in Chicago, the transcontinental train, Flying Pussyfoot, is starting its legendary journey that will leave a trail of blood all over the country. At the same time in New York, the ambitious scientist Szilard and his unwilling aide Ennis are looking for missing bottles of the immortality elixir. In addition, a war between the mafia groups is getting worse. On board the Advena Avis, in 1711, alchemists are about to learn the price of immortality.Based on the award-winning light novels of the same name, Baccano! follows several events that initially seem unrelated, both in time and place, but are part of a much bigger story—one of alchemy, survival, and immortality. Merging these events together are the kindhearted would-be thieves, Isaac and Miria, connecting various people, all of them with their own hidden ambitions and agendas, and creating lifelong bonds and consequences for everyone involved.[Written by MAL Rewrite] After their triumphant victory over Shiratorizawa Academy, the Karasuno High School volleyball team has earned their long-awaited ticket to nationals. As preparations begin, genius setter Tobio Kageyama is invited to the All-Japan Youth Training Camp to play alongside fellow nationally recognized players. Meanwhile, Kei Tsukishima is invited to a special rookie training camp for first-years within the Miyagi Prefecture. Not receiving any invitations himself, the enthusiastic Shouyou Hinata feels left behind.However, Hinata does not back down. Transforming his frustration into self-motivation, he boldly decides to sneak himself into the same rookie training camp as Tsukishima. Even though Hinata only lands himself a job as the ball boy, he comes to see this as a golden opportunity. He begins to not only reflect on his skills as a volleyball player but also analyze the plethora of information available on the court and how he can apply it.As the much-anticipated national tournament approaches, the members of Karasuno's volleyball team attempt to overcome their weak points and refine their skills, all while aiming for the top![Written by MAL Rewrite]A millennium has passed since the catastrophic nuclear war named the "Seven Days of Fire," which destroyed nearly all life on Earth. Humanity now lives in a constant struggle against the treacherous jungle that has evolved in response to the destruction caused by mankind. Filled with poisonous spores and enormous insects, the jungle spreads rapidly across the Earth and threatens to swallow the remnants of the human race.Away from the jungle exists a peaceful farming kingdom known as the "Valley of the Wind," whose placement by the sea frees it from the spread of the jungle's deadly toxins. The Valley's charismatic young princess, Nausicaä, finds her tranquil kingdom disturbed when an airship from the kingdom of Tolmekia crashes violently in the Valley. After Nausicaä and the citizens of the Valley find a sinister pulsating object in the wreckage, the Valley is suddenly invaded by the Tolmekian military, who intend to revive a dangerous weapon from the Seven Days of Fire. Now Nausicaä must fight to stop the Tolmekians from plunging the Earth into a cataclysm which humanity could never survive, while also protecting the Valley from the encroaching forces of the toxic jungle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During Koyomi Araragi's second year at Naoetsu Private High School, he has a chance encounter with Tsubasa Hanekawa, the top honor student in his class. When they strike up a conversation, Hanekawa mentions a shocking rumor: a vampire with beautiful blonde hair and freezing cold eyes has been seen lurking around town.Happy to have made a new friend, Araragi writes off the rumor and goes about the rest of his evening in a carefree manner. However, on his way home, he stumbles across splatters of blood leading down the stairs to the subway. His curiosity pushes him to investigate further, so he follows the gruesome pools into the depths of the station. When he arrives at the source of the blood, he is terrified by what he sees—the rumored blonde vampire herself, completely dismembered. After she calls for his help, Araragi must make a decision, one which carries the potential to change his life forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This time's location is set in the sea near the Hachijo-jima island, Tokyo. Engineers from around the world have gathered for the full-scale operation of "Pacific Buoy," an offshore facility to connect security cameras owned by the worldwide police forces. A test of a certain "new technology" based on a face recognition system is underway there.Meanwhile, Conan and the Detective Boys visit Hachijo-jima at Sonoko's invitation and receive a phone call from Subaru Okiya informing them that a Europol employee was murdered in Germany by the Black Organization's Jin.Conan, who is disquieted, sneaks into the facility and finds that a female engineer has been kidnapped by the Black Organization...! Furthermore, a USB drive containing certain information in her possession ends up in the hands of the organization... A black shadow also creeps up on Ai Haibara ...(Source: Crunchyroll, edited)Following the faceless god Hitogami's advice seems to have worked wonders for Rudeus Greyrat. After enrolling into the University of Magic as he was told, Rudeus reunites with his childhood friend Sylphiette, who put a valiant effort into curing his condition. The two grow ever closer together and decide to host a wedding party, inviting the friends they have made over the years to announce and formalize their relationship.For all his recent blessings, however, Rudeus' troubles are far from over. The research he is helping Shizuka Nanahoshi conduct hits a bottleneck, sending her into a deep slump much like he experienced in his previous life. Furthermore, a letter from his father, Paul, brings complications to Rudeus' relationships, and Sylphiette still knows next to nothing about his real background. In the face of these issues, Rudeus will have to apply the lessons he has learned in this new world to navigate through the challenges that come with living a life to its fullest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rama, the eldest prince of the Kingdom of Ayodhya, is beloved by all and the natural successor to his father's throne. However, when one of his father's wives conspires to get her son on the throne instead, Rama ends up being banished into the woods for 14 years. Accompanied by his wife, Sita, and his brother, Lakshman—Rama tries to make the most of life in exile despite his challenges.The trio's life in the forest is interrupted, however, when Demon King Ravan sets his sights on Sita. Using a crafty plan, he manages to distract Rama and steal Sita away to his castle. Heartbroken and distraught, Rama searches every corner of the world for his wife, unaware of the lengths he will have to go to rescue her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Graduation looms for the founding members of the Light Music Club. With only a few precious weeks of school left, the girls decide to make the most of it and plan a trip abroad. Hawaii, New York, Dubai—many destinations are suggested, but after a little help from the club's precious pet turtle, Ton-chan, London is chosen as the host of their next misadventure!Yui Hirasawa, Mio Akiyama, Tsumugi Kotobuki, Ritsu Tainaka, and Azusa Nakano will visit famous landmarks, perform live music for Londoners, and eat all sorts of delicious food, all while stumbling clumsily from place to place. But the fun won't last forever, as heartfelt songs and goodbyes will be made as their high school days together come to a close. One thing is for certain though: the undeniable friendships these girls have formed is something that will carry on long after the final scene rolls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An Orb, known only as It, is cast to Earth to be observed from afar. Capable of changing forms from beings whose reflections It captures, It first becomes a rock and then, due to the rising temperature, moss.It does not move until one snowy day, a wolf at death's door barely crosses by. When It takes the animal's form, It attains awareness of its consciousness and starts to wander with an unclear destination in mind. Soon, It comes across the wolf's master—a young boy waiting for his tribe to return from a paradise abundant with fish and fruit in the south. Although the boy is lonely, he still hopes those whom he holds dear in his memories have not forgotten him and that he will reunite with them one day.The boy wants to explore new surroundings and decides to abandon his home with It to find the paradise using the traces his tribe left behind. However, with a heavily injured body and no sight of his elder comrades, what will become of the boy?Fumetsu no Anata e illustrates the story of an immortal being experiencing humanity, meeting all types of people in many places throughout time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to Aniplex, a 10min short anime of Gintama "Shiroyasha Koutan" will be released on September 30th. It was shown at Jump Super Anime Tour 2008 and had never been released as a DVD.It's a trailer of an imaginary Gintama movie. Gintama OVA shown at Jump Anime Tour '05 is also included in the DVD.There exist creatures of darkness and evil that plague the night, devouring any human unfortunate enough to be caught in their grasp. On the other side is Hellsing, an organization dedicated to destroying these supernatural forces that threaten the very existence of humanity. At its head is Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, who commands a powerful military and spends her life fighting the undead.Integra's vast army, however, pales in comparison with her ultimate weapon: the vampire Alucard, who works against his own kind as an exterminator for Hellsing. With his new vampire servant, Seras Victoria, at his side, Alucard must battle not only monsters, but all those who stand to oppose Hellsing, be they in the guise of good or evil.In a battle for mankind's survival, Hellsing Ultimate proves that appearances are not all they may seem, and sometimes the greatest weapon can come in the form of one's worst nightmare.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifteen years after a cataclysmic event known as the Second Impact, the world faces a new threat: monstrous celestial beings called Angels invade Tokyo-3 one by one. Mankind is unable to defend themselves against the Angels despite utilizing their most advanced munitions and military tactics. The only hope for human salvation rests in the hands of NERV, a mysterious organization led by the cold Gendou Ikari. NERV operates giant humanoid robots dubbed "Evangelions" to combat the Angels with state-of-the-art advanced weaponry and protective barriers known as Absolute Terror Fields.Years after being abandoned by his father, Shinji Ikari, Gendou's 14-year-old son, returns to Tokyo-3. Shinji undergoes a perpetual internal battle against the deeply buried trauma caused by the loss of his mother and the emotional neglect he suffered at the hands of his father. Terrified to open himself up to another, Shinji's life is forever changed upon meeting 29-year-old Misato Katsuragi, a high-ranking NERV officer who shows him a free-spirited maternal kindness he has never experienced.A devastating Angel attack forces Shinji into action as Gendou reveals his true motive for inviting his son back to Tokyo-3: Shinji is the only child capable of efficiently piloting Evangelion Unit-01, a new robot that synchronizes with his biometrics. Despite the brutal psychological trauma brought about by piloting an Evangelion, Shinji defends Tokyo-3 against the angelic threat, oblivious to his father's dark machinations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Resolved to become a more independent person, Yukino Yukinoshita decides to smoothen things out with her parents, and the first step toward achieving that goal is to prove herself.As graduation draws closer for the third-year students, Iroha Isshiki—the president of the student council—requests a graduation prom in collaboration with the Volunteer Service Club. Yukino accepts this request of her own volition, hoping to use it as a chance to demonstrate her self-reliance, but what lies ahead of her may prove to be a hard hurdle to cross.Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Kan revolves around the graduation prom as emotions are poured into the preparations for the event. At the same time, a chance for the Volunteer Service Club members to better understand each other presents itself. And thus, Hachiman Hikigaya's hectic and bittersweet high school life begins to draw to a close.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The heavens shake, the thunder rumbles, and Xie Lian appears with an apologetic smile—again! Eight hundred years prior, he was a beloved martial god, known as the Crown Prince of Xianle. Now, he ascends to the heavenly realm for the third time, but simply as a pitiful scrap-collecting god with no followers behind him. On his first mission, Xie Lian finds himself alone in the dark moonlit night. There, a gentle man dressed in red guides him through the forest. However, as abruptly as he appeared, the man suddenly dissipates into a swarm of silver butterflies.Xie Lian later learns that this mysterious stranger was none other than Hua Cheng, the Crimson Rain Sought Flower, a Ghost King feared by both demons and gods alike. But before Xie Lian can figure out why Hua Cheng would help a Heavenly Official like himself, he meets San Lang. A young man possessing great knowledge on not only the Ghost King, but also the now forgotten Crown Prince, San Lang decides to accompany Xie Lian on his journey of unveiling the mysteries of the past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Daikichi Kawachi is a 30-year-old bachelor working a respectable job but otherwise wandering aimlessly through life. When his grandfather suddenly passes away, he returns to the family home to pay his respects. Upon arriving at the house, he meets a mysterious young girl named Rin who, to Daikichi’s astonishment, is his grandfather's illegitimate daughter!The shy and unapproachable girl is deemed an embarrassment to the family, and finds herself ostracized by her father's relatives, all of them refusing to take care of her in the wake of his death. Daikichi, angered by their coldness toward Rin, announces that he will take her in—despite the fact that he is a young, single man with no prior childcare experience.Usagi Drop is the story of Daikichi's journey through fatherhood as he raises Rin with his gentle and affectionate nature, as well as an exploration of the warmth and interdependence that are at the heart of a happy, close-knit family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a time of class stratification and rising tensions amongst the impoverished population, the Austrian Empire sends Princess Marie Antoinette to France to be wed to Crown Prince Louis XVI. The political marriage is arranged to strengthen the alliance between both countries, but the future queen is deeply unsatisfied with her fate being decided for her. Upon arrival in the country, Marie Antoinette is acquainted with Oscar Fançois de Jarjayes—Commander of the Royal Guard.Due to her father's desire for a son, Oscar is raised as a boy with an expectation to inherit his title as The Commander. Though she is revered by both men and women alike, Oscar cannot help but desire to live life as a woman instead of masquerading as a man. As Oscar reluctantly serves the young, spoiled queen, the growing resentment and suffering of the poor become harder for her to ignore—especially when Marie Antoinette frivolously spends her wealth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The CH Postal Company has just received a request to transcribe a love letter from Irma Felice, a famous opera singer. Accepting the task, Violet Evergarden visits Irma to write her letter. However, not only does Irma provide little information, she asks Violet to write based on her own feelings. Despite Violet's numerous attempts, Irma finds every version of the letter inadequate.Violet consults her colleagues, and they help her out by writing love letters of their own. Yet even those are rejected by the opera singer. As a last resort, Violet asks Irma for her true thoughts and feelings, hoping to find the missing puzzle piece. Will the Auto Memory Doll be able to translate Irma's emotions into words?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 0068 of the Universal Century, Casval Rem Deikun's life is thrown into chaotic disarray after the assassination of his father, a prolific figure in the crusade towards civil rights for people who live away from the Earth's surface. Casval and his sister Artesia receive aid from soldiers who were loyal to their father, and the siblings are whisked away from their home, separated, and thrown into a twisted fate that sees them come into their own as soldiers and adults.Years before stealing the name Char Aznable or his "Red Comet" moniker, Casval must contend with the rise of a militarized version of his father's ideology and his own vengeful nature as intergalactic war molds him into a legendary mobile suit pilot.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Romeo is a kindhearted and courageous boy living with his family in a small village in Switzerland. Unfortunately, Romeo becomes the interest of a man named Luini, known as "The God of Death," who is infamous for buying children and selling them as chimney sweeps in Milan. While visiting the village, Luini burns down Romeo's family cornfield in an attempt to have Romeo as his own. With the cornfield gone and his father sustaining a head injury trying to put out the fire, Romeo bravely sells himself to the God of Death in order to help his family afford a doctor. On his way to Milan, Romeo meets a boy named Alfredo Martini and they quickly become friends. Just as Alfredo is sold to a different master, the two boys swear eternal friendship and vow to meet again. As a chimney sweep, Romeo faces many hardships and abuse, especially from his master's family and a gang known as the Wolf Pack. But after reuniting with Alfredo, the two form a fraternity of chimney sweeps called "The Black Brothers," who will learn to fight against the Wolf Pack and help each other in times of need.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the serialization of their new manga, "Detective Trap," the writer-artist team, Akito Takagi and Moritaka Mashiro, better known by their pseudonym Muto Ashirogi, are one step closer to becoming world-renowned mangaka. For Mashiro, however, serialization is just the first step. Having promised to marry his childhood sweetheart and aspiring voice actress, Azuki Miho, once his manga gets an anime adaptation, Mashiro must continue his to popularize Ashirogi's work. A tremendously competitive cast of ambitious mangaka—including the wild genius, Eiji Niizuma; the elegant student, Yuriko Aoki, and her older admirer and partner, Takurou Nakai; the lazy prodigy, Kazuya Hiramaru; and the abrasive artist, Shinta Fukuda—both support and compete against Muto Ashirogi in creating the next big hit.As they adjust to their young and seemingly untested new editor, the dynamic duo struggle to maintain their current serialization, secure the top spot in Shounen Jack, and ultimately, achieve an anime adaptation of their manga. With new rivals and friends, Bakuman. 2nd Season continues Takagi and Mashiro's inspiring story of hard work and young love.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Years ago, astronaut Byakuya left behind precious materials in the belief that his son, the scientifically-gifted Senkuu, would one day find them. In the present, the Kingdom of Science's Kohaku and Ginrou have infiltrated the harem of the Petrification Kingdom’s leader with the help of Amaryllis, a local girl. At first, their mission progresses without a hitch. Unfortunately, an error enacted by Kohaku and Ginrou leads Minister Ibara and the Island’s strongest warrior, Moz, to identify the intruding duo as enemies.Even worse, Moz tails Amaryllis when she returns to inform Senkuu of the news, discovering the scientist's secret hideout. However, Moz's agenda does not align with Ibara's—he wants to dethrone the minister and keep the petrification device for himself. If Senkuu plays his cards right, he could gain a powerful ally and win the war once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]IDOLiSH7 is more successful than ever, but no one is smiling because a new threat has taken the stage: the debuting idol group ŹOOĻ. Managed by the nefarious entertainment executive Ryou Tsukumo, they will stop at nothing to get their way, resorting to all kinds of underhanded tactics to bring down their rivals. TRIGGER's image has already been ruined by scandal, and IDOLiSH7 and Re:vale are headed for the same fate—or worse.Meanwhile, Zero, the legendary idol who disappeared 15 years ago, continues to haunt the present through those he left behind. His manager seems to be in contact with Tsukumo for his own schemes, and Zero's songwriter reveals himself in a letter after having been missing for years. IDOLiSH7 finds an ally in Re:vale to thwart ŹOOĻ's plans while trying to make sense of Zero's colleagues' actions, but it may be impossible for everyone to emerge unscathed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unlike his friends, Takumi Fujiwara is not particularly interested in cars, with little to no knowledge about the world of car enthusiasts and street racers. The son of a tofu shop owner, he is tasked to deliver tofu every morning without fail, driving along the mountain of Akina. Thus, conversations regarding cars or driving in general would only remind Takumi of the tiring daily routine forced upon him.One night, the Akagi Red Suns, an infamous team of street racers, visit the town of Akina to challenge the local mountain pass. Led by their two aces, Ryousuke and Keisuke Takahashi, the Red Suns plan to conquer every racing course in Kanto, establishing themselves as the fastest crew in the region. However, much to their disbelief, one of their aces is overtaken by an old Toyota AE86 during a drive back home from Akina. After the incident, the Takahashi brothers are cautious of a mysterious driver geared with remarkable technique and experience in the local roads—the AE86 of Mount Akina.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Koyomi Araragi, a third-year high school student, manages to survive a vampire attack with the help of Meme Oshino, a strange man residing in an abandoned building. Though being saved from vampirism and now a human again, several side effects such as superhuman healing abilities and enhanced vision still remain. Regardless, Araragi tries to live the life of a normal student, with the help of his friend and the class president, Tsubasa Hanekawa.When fellow classmate Hitagi Senjougahara falls down the stairs and is caught by Araragi, the boy realizes that the girl is unnaturally weightless. Despite Senjougahara's protests, Araragi insists he help her, deciding to enlist the aid of Oshino, the very man who had once helped him with his own predicament.Through several tales involving demons and gods, Bakemonogatari follows Araragi as he attempts to help those who suffer from supernatural maladies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The nation of Tempest is in a festive mood after successfully overcoming the surprise attack from the Falmuth Army and the Western Holy Church. Beyond the festivities lies a meeting between Tempest and its allies to decide the future of the Nation of Monsters. The aftermath of the Falmuth invasion, Milim Nava's suspicious behavior, and the disappearance of Demon Lord Carrion—the problems seem to keep on piling up.Rimuru Tempest, now awakened as a True Demon Lord, decides to go on the offensive against Clayman. With the fully revived Storm Dragon Veldora, Ultimate Skill Raphael, and other powerful comrades, the ruler of the Tempest is confident in taking down his enemies one by one until he can face the man pulling the strings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Tensei shitara Slime Datta Ken.Xie Lian and Hua Cheng recount their recent adventures during a quiet night at Puqi Shrine. Amidst the serenity, the Crimson Rain Sought Flower reveals a little more about Xie Lian's true character, and an embarrassing memory reminds him of how much he has changed since his previous ascensions. However, no matter how much time has passed, Xie Lian never fails to believe in the good he sees in the people around him. Though the heavens may ridicule him, his words and actions have earned him the most devout of followers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Earth's once green hills and rich blue oceans have been converted into a desolate wasteland by the relentless onslaught of planet bombs from the expansionist Gamilas Empire. By the year 2199, humankind has retreated to the depths of underground cities to escape the radiation.However, all hope is not lost, as the distant planet Iscandar offers Earth its final salvation: the Cosmo Reverse System, capable of restoring Earth's irradiated surface. In a desperate bid to retrieve this technology from Iscandar, the Earth Defense Force pours its remaining resources into the Yamato—an innovative, state-of-the-art battleship equipped with an infinite energy Wave Motion Engine.From young talent such as Tactical Officer Susumu Kodai to accomplished veterans like Captain Juuzou Okita, the Yamato's crew consists of many individuals, all varying in their experience on the battlefield. But despite their differences, one goal unifies them all: to complete their perilous 168,000 light-year voyage to Iscandar and save humanity from imminent doom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]All of a sudden, they arrived: parasitic aliens that descended upon Earth and quickly infiltrated humanity by burrowing into the brains of vulnerable targets. These insatiable beings acquire full control of their host and are able to morph into a variety of forms in order to feed on unsuspecting prey.Sixteen-year-old high school student Shinichi Izumi falls victim to one of these parasites, but it fails to take over his brain, ending up in his right hand instead. Unable to relocate, the parasite, now named Migi, has no choice but to rely on Shinichi in order to stay alive. Thus, the pair is forced into an uneasy coexistence and must defend themselves from hostile parasites that hope to eradicate this new threat to their species.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the first delicate snowflake touches the cold ground, Nyanko-sensei dozes on his hot-water bottle next to Takashi Natsume. While his aunt prepares a warm dinner, Natsume takes a walk, welcoming the snow and the chilly weather. However, his peaceful promenade is disturbed by a white, fluffy snowman yokai with perturbing black eyes, searching for something warm and sparkly. With no further information, Natsume sets off to help find what the spirit desires.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Toua Tokuchi is a prodigy when it comes to both baseball and gambling. Pitching nothing but mediocre fastballs, he has made a name for himself by attaining 499 consecutive victories in the game of One Outs: a one-on-one showdown between a pitcher and a batter. Despite his remarkable abilities, however, Tokuchi sees the sport as nothing more than a way to make some quick money.When Hiromichi Kojima, a legendary hitter for the struggling Saikyou Saitama Lycaons, witnesses Tokuchi's skills firsthand, he realizes that the man might be exactly what the team needs to get out of their slump. Determined to recruit Tokuchi no matter what, Kojima places his own career on the line and defeats Tokuchi at his own specialty—One Outs.Forced to become a Lycaon, Tokuchi soon finds himself at odds with the team's owner, Tsuneo Saikawa. After Saikawa refuses to give him a reasonable salary, Tokuchi proposes a special contract: pitching an out will earn him five million yen, but giving up a run will cost him fifty million. With every game having the potential to either make or break him, Tokuchi must outwit all who stand in his way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humanity was caught at a precipice a decade ago when the first gates—portals linked with other dimensions that harbor monsters immune to conventional weaponry—emerged around the world. Alongside the appearance of the gates, various humans were transformed into hunters and bestowed superhuman abilities. Responsible for entering the gates and clearing the dungeons within, many hunters chose to form guilds to secure their livelihoods.Sung Jin-Woo is an E-rank hunter dubbed as the weakest hunter of all mankind. While exploring a supposedly safe dungeon, he and his party encounter an unusual tunnel leading to a deeper area. Enticed by the prospect of treasure, the group presses forward, only to be confronted with horrors beyond their imagination. Miraculously, Jin-Woo survives the incident and soon finds that he now has access to an interface visible only to him. This mysterious system promises him the power he has long dreamed of—but everything comes at a price.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Justice, and the enforcement of it, has changed. In the 22nd century, Japan enforces the Sibyl System, an objective means of determining the threat level of each citizen by examining their mental state for signs of criminal intent, known as their Psycho-Pass. Inspectors uphold the law by subjugating, often with lethal force, anyone harboring the slightest ill-will; alongside them are Enforcers, jaded Inspectors that have become latent criminals, granted relative freedom in exchange for carrying out the Inspectors' dirty work.Into this world steps Akane Tsunemori, a young woman with an honest desire to uphold justice. However, as she works alongside veteran Enforcer Shinya Kougami, she soon learns that the Sibyl System's judgments are not as perfect as her fellow Inspectors assume. With everything she has known turned on its head, Akane wrestles with the question of what justice truly is, and whether it can be upheld through the use of a system that may already be corrupt.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A reunion that was supposed to spell the arrival of peaceful times is quickly shattered when Subaru Natsuki and Emilia return to Irlam village. Witnessing the devastation left behind by the calamities known as Sin Archbishops, Subaru sinks into the depths of despair as his ability to redo proves futile.As the group makes their way to the Sanctuary in search of answers, Subaru has an unexpected encounter with the Witch of Greed—Echidna. Subjected to her untamed rhythm, he is forced to dive into the spirals of the past and future. At the same time, several mysterious threats set their sights on the Sanctuary, heralding a horrific fate for the hapless people trapped within.Everlasting contracts, past sins, and unrequited love will clash and submerge into a river of blood in the second season of Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu. Pushed to the brink of hopelessness, how long will Subaru's resolve to save his loved ones last?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Finally, the day of Mai's high school graduation has arrived. While Sakuta eagerly waits for his girlfriend, an elementary schooler who looks exactly like her appears before him. Suspicious, and for all the wrong reasons... Meanwhile, Sakuta and Kaede's father suddenly calls, saying that their mother wants to see her daughter. She was hospitalized because Kaede's condition had been too much for her to bear, so what could she possibly want now? (Source: Yen Press)In the land of Ryoza, the neighboring provinces of Shin-Ou and Tai-Kou have been at peace. Queen Shinou is the ruler of Ryoza and her greatest general, Grand Duke Taikou, defends the kingdom with his army of powerful war-lizards known as the "Touda." Although the two regions have enjoyed a long-standing alliance, mounting tensions threaten to spark a fierce civil war.Within Ake, a village in Tai-Kou tasked with raising the Grand Duke's army, lives Erin, a bright girl who spends her days watching the work of her mother Soyon, the village's head Touda doctor. But while under Soyon's care, a disastrous incident befalls the Grand Duke's strongest Touda, and the peace that Erin and her mother had been enjoying vanishes as Soyon is punished severely. In a desperate attempt to save her mother, Erin ends up falling in a river and is swept towards Shin-Ou.Unable to return home, Erin must learn to lead a new life with completely different people, all while hunting for the truth of both beasts and humanity itself, with tensions between the two regions constantly escalating.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The intense Baseball World Cup has reached its conclusion. Gorou Honda has regained his passion for baseball and is once again back in full gear. He has secured a team position with the Hornets and has travelled back to America to prepare for his spectacular debut as a Major League pitcher.However, Gorou encounters a sudden series of unexpected issues and devastating events follow, crushing his motivation and potentially reducing the baseball career that he has worked tirelessly to maintain into crumbs. In the final season of Major, Gorou must yet again overcome immense hardship in order to save his baseball career. This time there is no simple solution, as the problem is deeply rooted within his own mind...[Written by MAL Rewrite]One Night Sake Cup On his way back home from an errand, Takashi Natsume gets lost in the forest. Luckily, he is rescued by a traveling youkai couple who make sake cups for a living. Taking a sip of water from one, Natsume feels a surge of energy rush throughout his body, thanks to the "One Night Cup." It is a special cup that makes every drink delicious, but unfortunately, its effects last only for one night. The following day, Natsume attends the youkai banquet with his loyal protector, the sake-loving chubby cat Madara, and gets the once-in-a-lifetime opportunity to learn how to make sake cups.Party of Fun & GamesNatsume is filled with regret after hastily declining a rare invitation to a banquet from Madara. Curious, he chases after the cat to an old, run-down mansion but soon enough feels the uncanny presence of numerous youkai nearby. When he runs into the seductive youkai Hinoe, she explains that the empty estate serves as a hide-and-seek playground where the winning spirit acquires authority over a valley. With still no trace of Madara, Natsume starts having eerie dreams of the mansion, but this time as the game's participant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With university entrance exams and graduation drawing close, high school senior Shuumei Sasaki has to start taking his future more seriously. However, Sasaki is increasingly finding it hard to study; all he can think about is his boyfriend and junior, Yoshikazu Miyano. Having only recently made their relationship official, Sasaki cannot help but yearn to hold his boyfriend close. But with Sasaki's graduation on their minds, the couple begins to wonder what lies ahead for them both—especially as a public relationship can garner scrutiny from friends and family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Joe Yabuki is a troubled youth, whose only solution to problems is throwing punches at them. What he lacks in manners and discipline, he makes up for with his self-taught fighting skills.One day, while wandering the slums of Doya, Joe gets into a fight with the local gang. Although greatly outnumbered, he effortlessly defeats them, drawing the attention of Danpei Tange—a former boxing coach turned alcoholic. Seeing his potential, he offers to train Joe into Japan's greatest boxer. At first, Joe dismisses Danpei as a hopeless drunk; but after the trainer saves his life, he agrees to live with him and learn the art of boxing. Unfortunately, Joe's personality makes him an unruly student, and he often falls back to his old ways.To survive the harsh world of his new career, Joe needs to trust his mentor and master the techniques taught to him. However, the road to becoming a professional boxer is rife with struggles that will test his mettle to the end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the midst of the Fifth Holy Grail War, Caster sets her plans into motion, beginning with the capture of Shirou's Servant Saber. With the witch growing ever more powerful, Rin and Archer determine she is a threat that must be dealt with at once. But as the balance of power in the war begins to shift, the Master and Servant find themselves walking separate ways.Meanwhile, despite losing his Servant and stumbling from injuries, Shirou ignores Rin's warning to abandon the battle royale, forcing his way into the fight against Caster. Determined to show his resolve in his will to fight, Shirou's potential to become a protector of the people is put to the test.Amidst the bloodshed and chaos, the motivations of each Master and Servant are slowly revealed as they sacrifice everything in order to arise as the victor and claim the Holy Grail.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tightly clutching his Gibson guitar, Mafuyu Satou steps out of his dark apartment to begin another day of his high school life. While taking a nap in a quiet spot on the gymnasium staircase, he has a chance encounter with fellow student Ritsuka Uenoyama, who berates him for letting his guitar's strings rust and break. Noticing Uenoyama's knowledge of the instrument, Satou pleads for him to fix it and to teach him how to play. Uenoyama eventually agrees and invites him to sit in on a jam session with his two band mates: bassist Haruki Nakayama and drummer Akihiko Kaji.Satou's voice is strikingly beautiful, filling Uenoyama with the determination to make Satou the lead singer of the band. Though reticent at first, Satou takes the offer after an emotional meeting with an old friend. With the support of his new friends, Satou must not only learn how to play guitar, but also come to terms with the mysterious circumstances that led him to be its owner.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians.Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Tunshi Xingkong.On her way to school one day, Suzume Iwato stumbles upon Souta Munakata, a young man searching for abandoned areas. The high school girl directs Souta to a nearby ruin, but out of pure curiosity, she herself decides to head to the same destination.Once there, Suzume discovers an isolated door with a dreamlike universe lying beyond it—a place that she can see and feel, but not enter. A strange stone rests on the ground nearby, but it turns into a cat-like creature and scurries away when Suzume lifts it. Suddenly afraid, she heads back toward her school, not realizing that her act of leaving the door open will have consequences.With the "keystone" released, the evil within the other universe can now freely escape and wreak havoc throughout Japan. Intending to correct her dangerous mistake, Suzume joins Souta—whose true goal is to prevent evil from festering—in finding and locking all open doors before the country is destroyed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In an Edo-era Japan lush with a variety of sword-fighting styles, Shichika Yasuri practices the most unique one: Kyotouryuu, a technique in which the user's own body is wielded as a blade. The enigmatic seventh head of the Kyotouryuu school, Shichika lives quietly in exile with his sister Nanami until one day—the wildly ambitious strategist Togame barges into their lives.Togame brazenly requests that Shichika help in her mission to collect twelve unique swords, known as the "Deviant Blades," for the shogunate. Shichika accepts, interested in the girl herself rather than petty politics, and thus sets out on a journey. Standing in their way are the fierce wielders of these legendary weapons as well as other power-hungry entities who seek to thwart Togame's objective. In order to prevail against their enemies, the duo must become an unbreakable team as they forge ahead on a path of uncertainty and peril.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A year after the devastating battle against the formidable Zhao, the State of Qin has returned its focus to pursuing King Ying Zheng's ambition of conquering the other six states and unifying China. Their next target is Wei, a smaller state which stands as a geographic stepping stone for the sake of conquest.Xin, now a three hundred man commander of the swiftly rising Fei Xin Unit, continues to seek out lofty achievements in order to garner recognition for himself and his soldiers, motivated by those previously lost in battle. In the preliminary battles ahead of Qin's invasion of Wei, Xin finds competition in other young commanders who are of a higher social status than him. Back in Qin, the royal palace faces turmoil as opposing factions begin to make their move against Ying Zheng's regime.With their hands full both abroad and at home, Zheng and Xin must lead the way in this era of unending war, resolved to etch their names in history by creating a unified China.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to an unusual ability to see strange creatures called youkai, Takashi Natsume has never fit in. Passed around from one foster home to another, he was left isolated and lonely. Over time, he has accepted that no one would ever believe him and has closed himself off to his current caretakers and classmates.When Natsume accidentally breaks an intangible barrier, he frees Madara—a mighty spirit in the form of a lucky cat. Madara notices that Natsume bears a remarkable resemblance to his late grandmother Reiko Natsume, an outcast girl who became known across the youkai world for creating the Book of Friends. It is now in Natsume's possession, along with its power to call upon the written names of the youkai Reiko had defeated. With no interest in its powers, Natsume decides to keep the book for the sake of his grandmother's memories and to protect it from scheming youkai. Therefore, he makes a deal with Madara: he will hand him the book once his time is up, and in turn, Madara will act as Natsume's unofficial bodyguard, nicknamed Nyanko-sensei. With his newfound goal of freeing those Reiko had sealed, Natsume's relationship with both youkai and humans slowly begins to improve.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Twenty-two-year-old college dropout Tatsuhiro Satou has been a hikikomori for almost four years now. In his isolation, he has come to believe in many obscure conspiracy theories, but there is one in particular which he holds unshakable faith in: the theory that the evil conspirator behind his shut-in NEET (Not in Employment, Education or Training) status is the Nihon Hikikomori Kyokai (NHK)—an evil and secret organization dedicated to fostering the spread of hikikomori culture.NHK ni Youkoso! is a psychological dramedy that follows Tatsuhiro as he strives to escape from the NHK's wicked machinations and the disease of self-wrought isolation, while struggling to even just leave his apartment and find a job. His unexpected encounter with the mysterious Misaki Nakahara might signal a reversal of fortune for Tatsuhiro, but with this meeting comes the inevitable cost of having to face his greatest fear—society.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Traveling merchant Kraft Lawrence continues his northward journey with wolf goddess Holo, in search of her lost home of Yoitsu. Lawrence and his sharp-witted partner continue to make some small profits along the way, while slowly uncovering more information about Holo's hometown. However, the road to Yoitsu is a bumpy one filled with many troubles—Lawrence runs into a charming young fellow merchant who has his eyes set on the female wolf companion, and he begins to doubt if Holo will remain by his side; he and the goddess will also have to consider precarious and risky business deals as Lawrence strives to achieve his dream of becoming a shopowner. All the while, with his determination tested at every turn during his journey, Lawrence must question his relationship with Holo, take on business ventures, and ask himself whether it is time for him and Holo to go their separate ways.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As Yang is ordered to appear before the Free Planet Alliance, he’s shaken by the corruption he discovers. Meanwhile, Marshal Reinhardt uncovers disloyalty under his command as an upstart admiral launches a vicious offensive to retake the Iserlohn Fortress. Struggling to make strides in this never-ending bloody war, these two finally see their true enemy lies not from without—but from within!(Source: Crunchyroll)After reuniting with Gon and his friends, Kurapika explained to them the risks he bears because of his abilities. Believing that his target of revenge is no longer alive and the search for his fallen comrade's eyes could truly begin, Kurapika soon after receives a message informing him that all the Spiders still lived. After much discussion between his friends, Gon, Kurapika and company decided to hunt after the one Spider member who's ability could ultimately result in Kurapika's defeat and death. Based on the manga by Togashi Yoshihiro.According to the Republic of San Magnolia, their ongoing war against the Giadian Empire has no casualties—however, that is mere propaganda. While the silver-haired Alba of the Republic's eighty-five sectors live safely behind protective walls, those of different appearances are interned in a secret eighty-sixth faction. Known within the military as the Eighty-Six, they are forced to fight against the Empire's autonomous Legion under the command of the Republican "Handlers."Vladilena Milizé is assigned to the Spearhead squadron to replace their previous Handler. Shunned by her peers for being a fellow Eighty-Six supporter, she continues to fight against their inhumane discrimination. Shinei Nouzen is the captain of the Spearhead squadron. Infamous for being the sole survivor of every squadron he's been in, he insists on shouldering the names and wishes of his fallen comrades. When the fates of these young souls from two different worlds collide, will it ignite the spark that lights their path to salvation, or will they burn themselves in the flames of despair?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jinta Yadomi is peacefully living as a recluse, spending his days away from school and playing video games at home instead. One hot summer day, his childhood friend, Meiko "Menma" Honma, appears and pesters him to grant a forgotten wish. He pays her no mind, which annoys her, but he doesn't really care. After all, Menma already died years ago.At first, Jinta thinks that he is merely hallucinating due to the summer heat, but he is later on convinced that what he sees truly is the ghost of Menma. Jinta and his group of childhood friends grew apart after her untimely death, but they are drawn together once more as they try to lay Menma's spirit to rest. Re-living their pain and guilt, will they be able to find the strength to help not only Menma move on—but themselves as well?[Written by MAL Rewrite]When tragedy is about to strike, Satoru Fujinuma finds himself sent back several minutes before the accident occurs. The detached, 29-year-old manga artist has taken advantage of this powerful yet mysterious phenomenon, which he calls "Revival," to save many lives.However, when he is wrongfully accused of murdering someone close to him, Satoru is sent back to the past once again, but this time to 1988, 18 years in the past. Soon, he realizes that the murder may be connected to the abduction and killing of one of his classmates, the solitary and mysterious Kayo Hinazuki, that took place when he was a child. This is his chance to make things right.Boku dake ga Inai Machi follows Satoru in his mission to uncover what truly transpired 18 years ago and prevent the death of his classmate while protecting those he cares about in the present.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With Tomura Shigaraki at its helm, the former Liberation Army is now known as the Paranormal Liberation Front. This organized criminal group poses an immense threat to the Hero Association, not only because of its sheer size and strength, but also the overpowering quirks of Jin "Twice" Bubaigawara and Gigantomachia.As new intel from the covert hero Keigo "Hawks" Takami confirms that Shigaraki is nowhere to be seen, the Hero Association decides to strike the enemy headquarters with a surprise attack using the entirety of its assets—and the UA students find themselves on the battlefield once again. As the fight rages on, the unsuspecting villains must regroup and push back, but the brave heroes are determined to eradicate every last one of them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the National Tournament, the Seidou High baseball team moves forward with uncertainty as the Fall season quickly approaches. In an attempt to build a stronger team centered around their new captain, fresh faces join the starting roster for the very first time. Previous losses weigh heavily on the minds of the veteran players as they continue their rigorous training, preparing for what will inevitably be their toughest season yet.Rivals both new and old stand in their path as Seidou once again climbs their way toward the top, one game at a time. Needed now more than ever before, Furuya and Eijun must be determined to pitch with all their skill and strength in order to lead their team to victory. And this time, one of these young pitchers may finally claim that coveted title: "The Ace of Seidou."[Written by MAL Rewrite]When the threat of the Angel menace escalates, mankind's defense force is pushed to its limits, with NERV at the forefront of the struggle. Shinji Ikari and his partner Rei Ayanami are assisted by two new pilots: the fiery Asuka Langley Shikinami and the mysterious Mari Illustrious Makinami.With the aid of their mechanized Evangelion units, equipped with weapons perfect for engaging their monstrous opponents, the four young souls fight desperately to protect their loved ones and prevent an impending apocalypse. But when startling secrets are brought to light, will the heroes' greatest challenge prove to be the monsters...or humanity itself?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Yang Wen-li successfully captures the Iserlohn Fortress, the Free Planets Alliance grows bolder in its militaristic ambitions. With recent incursions into Galactic Empire territory and the possession of a perfect beachhead, the Alliance is now able to deal significant damage to the Empire. However, Reinhard von Lohengramm has no intention of allowing the Free Planets Alliance to gain a foothold. He is adamant about carrying on his best friend Siegfried Kircheis' dearest wish: to be the one to unite the universe. As wide-scale military clashes continue, the opportunist Adrian Rubinsky, Fezzan's ambitious leader, attempts to take advantage of the war to further his personal goals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In order to protect the residents of Xiaoji Island and the peaceful life here, Wu Liuqi and his partners Dabao and Xiaofei embark on a journey to the Xuanwu Kingdom to find out the truth about his identity and a way to save the island. Waiting for them is more unknowns and adventures.(Source: bilibili, edited)Noah's Ark—the latest in VR technology and a milestone of human innovation—is set for a showcase to Japan's privileged children. They have the honour of beginning a new revolution in gaming; however, their carefree fun is cut short when a company employee is found murdered, with his dying message pointing to a clue hidden within the Ark.Along with the Detective Boys and Ran Mouri, Conan Edogawa enters Noah's Ark to solve this mystery and ensure the perpetrator is caught. But once they're inside the Ark, it takes on a mind of its own, imprisoning them and the children within its worlds. To escape and bring the murderer to justice, Conan and company must navigate a simulated 19th century London and track down the infamous Jack the Ripper—with the lives of 50 innocent children depending on them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Introverted classical pianist and top student Kaoru Nishimi has just arrived in Kyushu for his first year of high school. Having constantly moved from place to place since his childhood, he abandons all hope of fitting in, preparing himself for another lonely, meaningless year. That is, until he encounters the notorious delinquent Sentarou Kawabuchi.Sentarou's immeasurable love for jazz music inspires Kaoru to learn more about the genre, and as a result, he slowly starts to break out of his shell, making his very first friend. Kaoru begins playing the piano at after-school jazz sessions, located in the basement of fellow student Ritsuko Mukae's family-owned record shop. As he discovers the immense joy of using his musical talents to bring enjoyment to himself and others, Kaoru's summer might just crescendo into one that he will remember forever.Sakamichi no Apollon is a heartwarming story of friendship, music, and love that follows three unique individuals brought together by their mutual appreciation for jazz.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For as long as he can remember, Minoru Kagenou has been fixated on becoming as strong as possible, which has led him to undertake all kinds of rigorous training. This wish, however, does not stem from a desire to be recognized by others; rather, Minoru does everything he can to blend in with the crowd. So, while pretending to be a completely average student during the day, he arms himself with a crowbar and ruthlessly thrashes local biker gangs at night. Yet when Minoru finds himself in a truck accident, his ambitions seemingly come to a sudden end. In his final moments, he laments his powerlessness—no matter how much he trained, there was nothing he could do to overcome his human limitations.But instead of dying, Minoru reawakens as Cid, the second child of the noble Kagenou family, in another world—one where magic is commonplace. With the power he so desired finally within his grasp, he dons the moniker "Shadow" and establishes Shadow Garden: a group whose sole purpose is to combat the enigmatic Cult of Diablos, an organization born from Cid's imagination. However, as Shadow Garden grows in both membership and influence, it becomes increasingly apparent that the Cult of Diablos is not as fictional as Cid had intended.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kino, a 15-year-old traveler, forms a bond with Hermes, a talking motorcycle. Together, they wander the lands and venture through various countries and places, despite having no clear idea of what to expect. After all, life is a journey filled with the unknown. Throughout their journeys, they encounter different kinds of customs, from the morally gray to tragic and fascinating. They also meet many people: some who live to work, some who live to make others happy, and some who live to chase their dreams. Thus, in every country they visit, there is always something to learn from the way people carry out their lives. It is not up to Kino or Hermes to decide whether these asserted values are wrong or right, as they merely assume the roles of observers within this small world. They do not attempt to change or influence the places they visit, despite how absurd these values would appear. That's because in one way or another, they believe things are fine as they are, and that "the world is not beautiful; therefore, it is."[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seirin prepares to face major obstacles on their path to winning the Winter Cup, including the teams each possessing a member of the Generation of Miracles. Kuroko goes head-to-head with his old teammates once more as he attempts to show them that individual skill is not the only way to play basketball. His firm belief that his form of basketball, team play, is the right way to play the sport will clash with the talents of a perfect copy and an absolute authority.While Kuroko tries to prove that his basketball is "right," he and the rest of Seirin High ultimately have one goal: to win the Winter Cup and overcome the strength of the Generation of Miracles, who have long dominated the scene of middle and high school basketball.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gorou Shigeno's journey with the Indiana Hornets continues as they seek to win the prestigious World Series. However, after an unexpected accident during the match with his fated rival, his quest in becoming the world's best becomes more challenging. Undaunted, Gorou continues to put the weight of his dreams into every pitch he makes, and forges a path towards his desired future through high-speed pitching.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the final years of the Bakumatsu era lived a legendary assassin known as Hitokiri Battousai. Feared as a merciless killer, he was unmatched throughout the country, but mysteriously disappeared at the peak of the Japanese Revolution. It has been ten peaceful years since then, but the very mention of Battousai still strikes terror into the hearts of war veterans.Unbeknownst to them, Battousai has abandoned his bloodstained lifestyle in an effort to repent for his sins, now living as Kenshin Himura, a wandering swordsman with a cheerful attitude and a strong will. Vowing never to kill again, Kenshin dedicates himself to protecting the weak. One day, he stumbles across Kaoru Kamiya at her kendo dojo, which is being threatened by an impostor claiming to be Battousai. After receiving help from Kenshin, Kaoru allows him to stay at the dojo, and so the former assassin temporarily ceases his travels.Rurouni Kenshin: Meiji Kenkaku Romantan tells the story of Kenshin as he strives to save those in need of saving. However, as enemies from both past and present begin to emerge, will the reformed killer be able to uphold his new ideals?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In their last year of middle school, the five band members of CRYCHIC went their separate ways after an unpleasant disbandment. Each wrestling with their own regrets, the girls enrolled in different high schools, hoping never to hear from one another again.Meanwhile, Anon Chihaya transfers to Haneoka Girls' Academy in the middle of the school year. As most students play in a band as a hobby, Anon desires to fit in and spends her first days trying to recruit members for her own band, envisioning herself as the group's vocalist. She befriends Tomori Takamatsu, a shy girl who seems interested but hesitant about joining. As it turns out, Tomori used to be part of CRYCHIC, an experience that has scarred her deeply.Through Tomori, Anon meets Taki Shiina and Soyo Nagasaki, both former members of the same band. Although Taki detests the idea of playing with Anon, Soyo is delighted to help her out. Now with Soyo by her side, Anon's dream of forming a band is within reach—if only she could find a few more members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourteen-year-old Yukio "Koyuki" Tanaka is a dispirited young boy with no goals in life. However, this all changes when Koyuki saves a strange-looking dog named Beck from being harassed by a group of local kids. The dog's owner, 16-year-old Ryuusuke "Ray" Minami, is an emerging guitarist and the former member of a popular rock band. After Koyuki meets Ray again in a diner, the older boy leads him to his former band's meeting place and dazzles Koyuki with his amazing guitar skills. Slowly becoming interested in the glamour of western rock culture, Koyuki decides to start playing the guitar while helping Ray achieve his dream of leading the ultimate rock band. Together with Ray's younger sister Maho and a few other members, the two boys launch their career into the world of rock by forming a band called BECK. Beck follows the group's struggles and successes as they spread their fame across Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the final match against the Kanagawa street racing team Sidewinder, Project D street racer Takumi Fujiwara is faced with a surprising challenger: Shinji Inui, a 17-year-old high school student. Beginning to drive at a very young age, Shinji is not only familiar with the mountain pass where the race is taking place, but he also drives a Toyota AE86—the same car model Takumi uses.Initially reluctant to participate due to a lack of enthusiasm, Shinji becomes motivated after witnessing the fiery battle between Keisuke Takahashi and Gou Houjou. Undefeated in his home course known as the Tsubaki Line, Shinji might prove to be Takumi's most formidable opponent yet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A few months after the events of Steins;Gate, Rintarou Okabe and his group of friends are invited to tag along with their acquaintance Faris NyanNyan, who is participating in a Rai-Net battle event in the United States. There, they meet up with an old colleague: Kurisu Makise, who has been recalling fragmented memories of events that happened in the other world lines in the form of dreams. She confronts Okabe, questioning him as to whether these events—particularly the incidents between the two of them—did indeed happen.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tokyo is currently experiencing rain showers that seem to disrupt the usual pace of everyone living there to no end. Amidst this seemingly eternal downpour arrives the runaway high school student Hodaka Morishima, who struggles to financially support himself—ending up with a job at a small-time publisher. At the same time, the orphaned Hina Amano also strives to find work to sustain herself and her younger brother.Both fates intertwine when Hodaka attempts to rescue Hina from shady men, deciding to run away together. Subsequently, Hodaka discovers that Hina has a strange yet astounding power: the ability to call out the sun whenever she prays for it. With Tokyo's unusual weather in mind, Hodaka sees the potential of this ability. He suggests that Hina should become a "sunshine girl"—someone who will clear the sky for people when they need it the most.Things begin looking up for them at first. However, it is common knowledge that power always comes with a hefty price...[Written by MAL Rewrite]One Christmas Eve, Hana, Gin, and Miyuki are rummaging for presents through heaps of garbage when they chance upon an abandoned baby in the cold winter night. Appalled at the pitiful sight, Hana's maternal instincts kick in and she insists on finding the baby's biological mother to demand an explanation. Naming the baby Kiyoko—meaning pure child—they begin their search using the possible clues left alongside her: a mysterious key and a single note. However, their plans are soon thrown into disarray as they get caught up in a series of unprecedented events.Tokyo Godfathers follows the journey of the trio as they stick together through thick and thin, hoping to deliver Kiyoko to her true home, and find their very own Christmas miracle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Great Britain is ablaze with news of a so-called "Lord of Crime," a criminal mastermind responsible for the downfall of several unruly nobles. In truth, the Lord of Crime is not an individual, but rather a group consisting of William James Moriarty and his two brothers, Louis and Albert. Together, they wish to destroy everything rotten about their current world and create a new, fair society for all. To accomplish their goal, they must commit criminal acts, which the great detective Sherlock Holmes and his partner, John H. Watson, cannot abide by. A dangerous cat and mouse game begins between the Lord of Crime and Sherlock, with each trying to outwit the other. Yet Sherlock, despite his skills, has no idea that his foe is right under his nose.Involved with both parties is a woman named Irene Adler, who is as beautiful as she is cunning. No stranger to scandal, Irene has embroiled herself in one that may be too big even for her, as the classified documents she stole could shake the very foundations of the British Empire. Can Irene be saved, or does a deadly future await her?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Every five years, an exhilarating race called Redline is held, and the universe's most anticipated competition has only one rule: that there are none. Racers are pushed to their absolute limit—a feeling that daredevil driver JP knows all too well. Having just qualified to participate in Redline, he is eager to battle against the other highly skilled drivers, particularly the beautiful rising star and the only other human that qualified, Sonoshee McLaren.But this year's Redline may be far more dangerous than usual—it has been announced to take place on the planet Roboworld with its trigger-happy military and criminals who look to turn the race to their own advantage. However, the potential danger doesn't stop the racers; in fact, it only adds to the thrill. Relying solely on his vehicle's speed, JP prepares for the event to come, aiming to take first place in the biggest race of his life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hikaru Kusakabe is a normal, carefree boy in a rock band who is always focused on the present. During the summer, his entire class is forced to participate in an upcoming chorus festival. By coincidence, he discovers his classmate Rihito Sajou—known for being an honor student with excellent grades—practicing his singing alone. Sajou just cannot seem to get their class' song right, and Kusakabe, delighted at seeing a new side of his straight-laced classmate, offers to help him prepare for the event.Although their lives and personalities are total opposites, they begin to grow closer as time progresses. But with the pressure of an unknown future, what will become of them and their growing relationship?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After five years of harboring unspoken feelings, high-schooler Taiju Ooki is finally ready to confess his love to Yuzuriha Ogawa. Just when Taiju begins his confession however, a blinding green light strikes the Earth and petrifies mankind around the world—turning every single human into stone.Several millennia later, Taiju awakens to find the modern world completely nonexistent, as nature has flourished in the years humanity stood still. Among a stone world of statues, Taiju encounters one other living human: his science-loving friend Senkuu, who has been active for a few months. Taiju learns that Senkuu has developed a grand scheme—to launch the complete revival of civilization with science. Taiju's brawn and Senkuu's brains combine to forge a formidable partnership, and they soon uncover a method to revive those petrified.However, Senkuu's master plan is threatened when his ideologies are challenged by those who awaken. All the while, the reason for mankind's petrification remains unknown.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's the running gag of Ben Johnson episode where animation staff reuse the New Years footage; Yorozuya would sit around the kotatsu eating a bowl of tangerines. They discuss elaborate subjects, Shinpachi complains about reusing animation footage, and then Gin-chan always ending the gag with a pointless announcement.During a summer vacation at her grandfather’s house, six-year-old Hotaru Takegawa gets lost in a forest rumored to be inhabited by spirits. While crying out in desperation, Hotaru is approached by Gin—a mysterious boy wearing a mask—who offers to help her.Overjoyed at the sight of another person, Hotaru runs to Gin with open arms only to be rudely fended off. However, she quickly learns the grave reason behind his behavior: a dreadful curse has been cast upon Gin. Should he ever be touched by a human being, he will disappear forever.Though Gin urges her to never return, Hotaru does the exact opposite, and before too long, the two become close friends despite his delicate situation. Nonetheless, as years pass and their mutual feelings grow stronger, Hotaru and Gin start struggling with the boundaries that destiny has set between them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yoichi Isagi was mere moments away from scoring a goal that would have sent his high school soccer team to the nationals, but a split-second decision to pass the ball to his teammate cost him that reality. Bitter, confused, and disappointed, Isagi wonders if the outcome would have been different had he not made the pass. When the young striker returns home, an invitation from the Japan Football Union awaits him. Through an arbitrary and biased decision-making process, Isagi is one of three hundred U-18 strikers selected for a controversial project named Blue Lock. The project's ultimate goal is to turn one of the selected players into the star striker for the Japanese national team. To find the best participant, each diamond in the rough must compete against others through a series of solo and team competitions to rise to the top. Putting aside his ethical objections to the project, Isagi feels compelled to fight his way to the top, even if it means ruthlessly crushing the dreams of 299 aspiring young strikers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the promise of granting any wish, the omnipotent Holy Grail triggered three wars in the past, each too cruel and fierce to leave a victor. In spite of that, the wealthy Einzbern family is confident that the Fourth Holy Grail War will be different; namely, with a vessel of the Holy Grail now in their grasp. Solely for this reason, the much hated "Magus Killer" Kiritsugu Emiya is hired by the Einzberns, with marriage to their only daughter Irisviel as binding contract.Kiritsugu now stands at the center of a cutthroat game of survival, facing off against six other participants, each armed with an ancient familiar, and fueled by unique desires and ideals. Accompanied by his own familiar, Saber, the notorious mercenary soon finds his greatest opponent in Kirei Kotomine, a priest who seeks salvation from the emptiness within himself in pursuit of Kiritsugu.Based on the light novel written by Gen Urobuchi, Fate/Zero depicts the events of the Fourth Holy Grail War—10 years prior to Fate/stay night. Witness a battle royale in which no one is guaranteed to survive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Now accustomed to his life at Ooezo Agricultural High School, Yuugo Hachiken explores the deeper aspects of what school life really means. As Hachiken learns more about himself and earns the skills necessary for his everyday tasks, he is even offered the position of the Equestrian Club's vice-president. The new semester brings a variety of agricultural dilemmas and personal conflicts, but, nevertheless, Hachiken perseveres in order to discover his dream and continue working together with his friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the behest of Admiral Yang Wen-li, defected intelligence officer Commander Baghdash makes an emergency broadcast announcing that the National Salvation Military Council staged a coup under the direction of the Galactic Empire. Despite the lack of physical evidence, this debilitating declaration inspires former Rear Admiral Andrew Lynch to reveal his own role in sowing discord within the Free Planets Alliance. A fatal shootout between Lynch and Admiral Dwight Greenhill acts as the final death knell to the short-lived period of martial rule.Within the Galactic Empire, footage of Duke Otto von Braunschweig's nuclear bombing of Westerland results in the dissolution of the Lippstadt League. Marquis Reinhard von Lohengramm's decision to allow the massacre for personal gain creates a rift between him and High Admiral Siegfried Kircheis, souring the taste of their inevitable victory. Now on the cusp of achieving absolute power, Reinhard is embattled by his apparent personal failings and the heavy responsibilities of leadership.Though the civil wars in both the Alliance and the Empire are coming to a close, neither side can ever regain what is lost. Yang Wen-li and Reinhard von Lohengramm each take bitter solace in the knowledge that just on the other side of the galaxy is a worthy opponent—and a true equal.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After one of his coworkers fails to repay a debt, apathetic bum Kaiji Itou is pressured by loan sharks to settle the large sum of cash. Since Kaiji has little money and no future prospects of his own, he is unable to return what his colleague borrowed. Faced with massive financial burdens, Kaiji is given an offer to board the illustrious Espoir—it is said that "one night aboard the ship, and all of your debts will be paid."What seems like a simple night of gambling quickly turns into a game of strategy and betrayal. With the losers of the tournament being subjected to a backbreaking life of indebted servitude, Kaiji must choose his actions—and allies—carefully. However, this is only the beginning of a series of gambles that will wager Kaiji's life, testing the full extent of his wits and will to survive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the town of Kamisu 66, 12-year-old Saki Watanabe has just awakened to her psychic powers and is relieved to rejoin her friends—the mischievous Satoru Asahina, the shy Mamoru Itou, the cheerful Maria Akizuki, and Shun Aonuma, a mysterious boy whom Saki admires—at Sage Academy, a special school for psychics. However, unease looms as Saki begins to question the fate of those unable to awaken to their powers, and the children begin to get involved with secretive matters such as the rumored Tainted Cats said to abduct children.Shinsekai yori tells the unique coming-of-age story of Saki and her friends as they journey to grow into their roles in the supposed utopia. Accepting these roles, however, might not come easy when faced with the dark and shocking truths of society, and the impending havoc born from the new world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It all started in Kaminoyama High School, when five best friends—Aoi Miyamori, Ema Yasuhara, Midori Imai, Shizuka Sakaki, and Misa Toudou—discovered their collective love for all things anime and formed the animation club. After making their first amateur anime together and showcasing it at the culture festival, the group vows to pursue careers in the industry, aiming to one day work together and create their own mainstream show.Two and a half years later, Aoi and Ema have managed to land jobs at the illustrious Musashino Animation production company. The others, however, are finding it difficult to get their dream jobs. Shizuka is feeling the weight of not being recognized as a capable voice actor, Misa has a secure yet unsatisfying career designing 3D models for a car company, and Midori is a university student intent on pursuing her dream as a story writer. These five girls will learn that the path to success is one with many diversions, but dreams can still be achieved through perseverance and a touch of eccentric creativity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing their journey from Record Country (the place that held the book of memories), Syaoran and company land into Tokyo Country, a blood-filled country under war from opposing factions for natural resources and survival. While reluctantly involved in the race to live, the group faces their own problems as certain revelations are made, changing their journey forever.A shocking betrayal and a battle that risks all of their lives. After this revelation, they will never be the same again.Recap of Violet Evergarden.For hearing-impaired university student Yuki Itose, silence has been a natural part of life since birth. Her world is small and isolated; she commutes to campus, interacts with her best friend Rin Fujishiro, and communicates through writing and text messages—a lifestyle that offers little to no change. One day, during her commute, Yuki meets fellow student Itsuomi Nagi, a multilingual travel enthusiast and friend of Rin. When Itsuomi learns of Yuki's condition, he takes it in stride, moving Yuki's heart. From this one simple gesture, Yuki and Itsuomi's lives start changing day by day as they let each other into their own worlds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While the perfect getaway for most girls her age might be a fancy vacation with their loved ones, Rin Shima's ideal way of spending her days off is camping alone at the base of Mount Fuji. From pitching her tent to gathering firewood, she has always done everything by herself, and has no plans of leaving her little solitary world.However, what starts off as one of Rin's usual camping sessions somehow ends up as a surprise get-together for two when the lost Nadeshiko Kagamihara is forced to take refuge at her campsite. Originally intending to see the picturesque view of Mount Fuji for herself, Nadeshiko's plans are disrupted when she ends up falling asleep partway to her destination. Alone and with no other choice, she seeks help from the only other person nearby. Despite their hasty introductions, the two girls nevertheless enjoy the chilly night together, eating ramen and conversing while the campfire keeps them warm. And even after Nadeshiko's sister finally picks her up later that night, both girls silently ponder the possibility of another camping trip together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2029, Niihama City has become a technologically advanced metropolis. Due to great improvements in cybernetics, its citizens are able to replace their limbs with robotic parts. The world is now more interconnected than ever before, and the city's Public Security Section 9 is responsible for combating corruption, terrorism, and other dangerous threats following this shift toward globalization.The strong-willed Major Motoko Kusanagi of Section 9 spearheads a case involving a mysterious hacker known only as the "Puppet Master," who leaves a trail of victims stripped of their memories. Like many in this futuristic world, the Puppet Master's body is almost entirely robotic, giving them incredible power.As Motoko and her subordinates follow the enigmatic criminal's trail, other parties—including Section 6—start to get involved, forcing her to confront the extremely complicated nature of the case. Pondering about various philosophical questions, such as her own life's meaning, Motoko soon realizes that the one who will provide these answers is none other than the Puppet Master themself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After his relationship with Eris Boreas Greyrat reaches new heights, Rudeus Greyrat is ecstatic. Unfortunately, his joy is short-lived, as Eris suddenly abandons him to embark on her own journey. Believing that Eris has lost all interest in him, a heartbroken and depressed Rudeus sets forth to the Northern Territories. With his sole goal being to locate his mother on the vast continent, Rudeus wonders if persisting through daily life is worth the pain, falling into a robotic routine as he endlessly ruminates on his lost love.However, the dangers of the North soon prove that one cannot survive with a dulled mind. While on a quest with the party Counter Arrow, with whom he recently became acquainted, Rudeus has a brush with death—an experience that forces him to finally snap out of his despair. With his newfound teammates, Rudeus rediscovers the pleasure of daily adventuring and moves forward with his original goal of living his second lease on life to the fullest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It has been two and a half years since Naruto Uzumaki left Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, for intense training following events which fueled his desire to be stronger. Now Akatsuki, the mysterious organization of elite rogue ninja, is closing in on their grand plan which may threaten the safety of the entire shinobi world.Although Naruto is older and sinister events loom on the horizon, he has changed little in personality—still rambunctious and childish—though he is now far more confident and possesses an even greater determination to protect his friends and home. Come whatever may, Naruto will carry on with the fight for what is important to him, even at the expense of his own body, in the continuation of the saga about the boy who wishes to become Hokage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the destruction of their hometown, childhood friends Kafka Hibino and Mina Ashiro make a pact to become officers in the Defense Force—a militarized organization tasked with protecting Japan from colossal monsters known as "kaijuu." Decades later, the 32-year-old Kafka has all but given up on his dreams of heroism. Instead, he cleans up the remains of the slaughtered kaijuu after they are defeated by valiant soldiers—including Mina, who has successfully achieved their shared goal.Upon meeting his new coworker, Reno Ichikawa, Kafka faces a mirror of his past self: an ambitious young man whose one desire is to fight as a member of the Defense Force. Unfortunately, the two are soon involved in a freak encounter with a rogue kaijuu. Though Kafka demonstrates his innate heroic nature and rescues Reno from certain doom, he is left gravely injured.While both men recover in a hospital, Kafka is seemingly attacked by another one of the beasts. As a result, he gains the ability to transform into a humanoid kaijuu with the strength and powers of the massive monsters menacing Japan. Dubbed "Kaijuu No. 8" by the military, Kafka resolves to use his newfound gifts for the greater good. Tied together by mutual respect, Kafka and Reno set out to join warriors like Mina at the forefront of the Defense Force.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As Tooru continues on her quest to become the greatest maid and Kanna Kamui fully immerses in her life as an elementary school student, there is not a dull day in the Kobayashi household with mischief being a daily staple. On one such day, however, a massive landslide is spotted on the hill where Kobayashi and Tooru first met—a clear display of a dragon's might. When none of the dragons they know claim responsibility, the perpetrator herself descends from the skies: Ilulu, the radical Chaos Dragon with monstrous power rivaling that of Tooru.Sickened by Tooru's involvement with humans, Ilulu resorts to the typical dragon method of resolving conflict—a battle to the death. Despite such behavior, she becomes intrigued by Kobayashi's ability to befriend dragons and decides instead to observe just what makes Kobayashi so special. With a new troublesome dragon in town, Kobayashi's eccentric life with a dragon maid is only getting merrier.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Kazuma Satou died, he was given two choices: pass on to heaven or be revived in a fantasy world. After choosing the new world, the goddess Aqua tasked him with defeating the Demon King, and let him choose any weapon to aid him. Unfortunately, Kazuma chose to bring Aqua herself and has regretted the decision ever since then.Not only is he stuck with a useless deity turned party archpriest, the pair also has to make enough money for living expenses. To add to their problems, their group continued to grow as more problematic adventurers joined their ranks. Their token spellcaster, Megumin, is an explosion magic specialist who can only cast one spell once per day and refuses to learn anything else. There is also their stalwart crusader, Lalatina "Darkness" Dustiness Ford, a helpless masochist who makes Kazuma look pure in comparison.Kono Subarashii Sekai ni Shukufuku wo! 2 continues to follow Kazuma and the rest of his party through countless more adventures as they struggle to earn money and have to deal with one another's problematic personalities. However, things rarely go as planned, and they are often sidetracked by their own idiotic tendencies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinichi Chiaki is a first class musician whose dream is to play among the elites in Europe. Coming from a distinguished family, he is an infamous perfectionist—not only is he highly critical of himself, but of others as well. The only thing stopping Shinichi from leaving for Europe is his fear of flying. As a result, he's grounded in Japan.During his fourth year at Japan's top music university, Shinichi happens to meet Megumi Noda or, as she refers to herself, Nodame. On the surface, she seems to be an unkempt girl with no direction in life. However, when Shinichi hears Nodame play the piano for the first time, he is in awe of the kind of music she creates. Nevertheless, Shinichi is dismayed to discover that Nodame is his neighbor, and worse, she ends up falling head over heels in love with him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 2075, space travel is no longer just a dream, but an everyday reality for mankind. Advancements in science and technology have led to the colonization of the moon, the commercialization of outer space, and the formation of large space corporations. Ai Tanabe, an upbeat woman whose interests lie in the cosmos, joins Technora Corporation as a member of their Debris Section, a department dedicated to the removal of dangerous space junk between the orbits of the Earth and Moon.However, Ai soon discovers how unappreciated her job is. As the laughingstock of Technora, the Debris Section is severely understaffed, poorly funded, and is forced to use a dilapidated spaceship nicknamed the "Toy Box" for debris retrieval. Undeterred, Ai perseveres and gradually becomes acquainted with the strange personalities that make up the Debris Section's staff, such as the bumbling but good-natured chief clerk Philippe Myers; the mysterious and tight-lipped temp worker Edelgard Rivera; and the hotheaded and passionate Hachirouta Hoshino, who longs for a spaceship to call his own.Planetes is an unconventional sci-fi series that portrays the vastness of space as a backdrop for the personal lives of ordinary people—people who may have been born on Earth, but whose hopes and dreams lie amongst the stars.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kyoutarou Ichikawa may look like a shy and reserved middle school student, but deep within his heart is a bloodthirsty killer. His ultimate desire is to see his classmate Anna Yamada's beautiful face writhing in pain before he ends her life. But this fantasy may never come to fruition, as Ichikawa starts to see an entirely different side to Yamada.Often seeking refuge in the library, Ichikawa frequently runs into Yamada. It is during these encounters that Ichikawa realizes his model classmate is actually an airhead who can never read the room. As they spend more time together, the boy cannot help but feel not only a sense of endearment toward the very girl he wishes to murder but also a desire to protect her at all costs. Is it possible that this sudden change in Ichikawa's perspective could lead to something more?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The hallowed ground of Koshien Stadium is the "field of dreams," where the ambitions of high school baseball players come true. After emerging victorious in the autumn tournament last year, Seidou High School baseball's team  has finally earned the right to compete there for the first time in seven years.  Beyond the spring tournament looms the battle to decide who is the best team in the nation  — the Summer Koshien. With the third-year players due to retire after the summer tournament, the team has to integrate the experience of the seniors and the potential of the newcomers to overcome familiar and new opponents alike and win the coveted national title. Meanwhile, pitcher Eijun Sawamura is as determined as ever to earn jersey No. 1  and seize the position of "ace" from his persistent rival, Satoru Furuya.  As the team prepares for their greatest challenge yet, Sawamura and Furuya carry on their struggle to lead their team to glory and become the star of the game: the true "Ace of the Diamond." [Written by MAL Rewrite]The challenger has become the champion as Ippo Makunouchi now wears the featherweight championship belt of Japan. Some time has passed since Ippo's victory, and he has found his friends and coach as supportive as ever; his crush, Kumi Mashiba, seems to enjoy spending time with him as well. Things are looking bright for the new champion, but just as he once set his sights on becoming the best, his first challenger poses an intimidating threat. Kazuki Sanada works as a doctor at the same hospital as Kumi and fights strategically. Known for integrating his knowledge of the human body into his fights, Sanada is a fearsome contender—however, more unnerving than his physical ability, he has garnered the support of the nurses. Despite being the champion, Ippo feels the pressure as he must face the daunting challenge, retain his belt, and win over the girl he loves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing with their adventure at Greed Island, Gon and Killua train furiously under the guidance of Biscuit for better preparation at attempting the game. With their abilities vastly improving and the threat of player killers menacing Greed Island, Gon and company continue the game despite the dangers that they will face with the game activities and encounters with other players. Based on the manga by Togashi Yoshihiro.Second season of Space Dandy.Space Dandy is a dandy guy, in space! This dreamy adventurer with a to-die-for pompadour travels across the galaxy in search of aliens no one has ever laid eyes on. Each new species he discovers earns him a hefty reward, but this dandy has to be quick on his feet because it's first come, first served! Accompanied by his sidekicks, a rundown robot named QT and Meow the cat-looking space alien, Dandy bravely explores unknown worlds inhabited by a variety of aliens. Join the best dressed alien hunter in all of space and time as he embarks on an adventure that ends at the edge of the universe!(Source: Bandai Visual)With Anya Forger successfully enrolled at the renowned Eden Academy, Operation Strix advances to its second phase. To investigate Ostanian politician Donovan Desmond, Anya must either befriend his son Damian or collect eight Stella Stars to become an Imperial Scholar. Fortunately, Anya has already acquired her first star. In celebration, her adoptive father, Loid, decides to fulfill her wish to adopt a dog.During their canine search, Loid receives new orders from his superiors, who have found that a band of Berlint University students is plotting to assassinate Westalis' Minister Brantz using bombs worn by trained dogs. While Loid tries to stop their plans, Anya stumbles upon the terrorists' base of operations. There, she befriends a kindhearted, clairvoyant dog who the family later names Bond.Although the Forgers continue to lead their individual lives in secrecy, the family—with a new fluffy addition—remains united through all of the unusual obstacles thrown their way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having reached his emotional breaking point, Rintarou Okabe refuses to continue aiding time traveler Suzuha Amane in her mission to prevent World War III, believing any further efforts to save Makise Kurisu will be in vain. Shortly after, Okabe abandons his mad scientist persona and becomes a seemingly regular university student. Okabe's close friend Mayuri Shiina perceives him to be recovering from his trauma and is visibly happy. However, something still seems to be bothering Okabe. Steins;Gate: Kyoukaimenjou no Missing Link - Divide By Zero marks the beginning of a critical divergence—a timeline in which the burden of fate escalates beyond one's limits.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Sengoku period of Japan, a young orphan named Kotarou and his dog Tobimaru steal from unsuspecting villagers in order to make ends meet. However, Kotarou is forced to remain on the run when he finds himself being hunted down by assassins sent by China's Ming Dynasty for mysterious reasons not involving his petty crimes. Fortunately, the duo run into Nanashi, a ronin who has taken refuge in a small temple, when Kotarou is attacked and Tobimaru poisoned. Although the samurai  saves the helpless pair from their pursuers, he feels that there is no need to help them further; but when offered a gem in exchange for his services as a bodyguard, he reluctantly accepts Kotarou's offer of employment—just until Tobimaru is healed and the two reach their destination. As the three set out on a perilous journey, it soon becomes evident that their path is riddled with danger, as the Ming Dynasty has now sent a terrifying swordsman after them to capture Kotarou and fulfill a certain prophecy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world filled with planes and airships, Sheeta is a young girl who has been kidnapped by government agents who seek her mysterious crystal amulet. While trapped aboard an airship, she finds herself without hope—that is, until the ship is raided by pirates. Taking advantage of the ensuing confusion, Sheeta manages to flee from her captors. Upon her escape, she meets Pazu, a boy who dreams of reaching the fabled flying castle, Laputa. The two decide to embark on a journey together to discover this castle in the sky. However, they soon find the government agents back on their trail, as they too are trying to reach Laputa for their own greedy purposes.Tenkuu no Shiro Laputa follows the soaring adventures of Sheeta and Pazu, all while they learn how dreams and dire circumstances can bring two people closer together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the Border Defense Agency's headquarters, the B-Rank Wars are underway as each team fights intensely to secure a spot in the upcoming Away Mission. Though Osamu Mikumo and the rest of Tamakoma-2 have pulled through thus far, the final rounds will require them to push far beyond the limits of their current abilities. Taking in a talented new member, the squad begins to train and develop new strategies, but, amid these efforts, the team is shaken by a heated dispute—one that could jeopardize their ticket to the Neighbor's dimension.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 1950s Japan, Tatsuo Kusakabe relocates himself and his two daughters, Satsuki and Mei, to the countryside to be closer to their mother, who is hospitalized due to long-term illness. As the girls grow acquainted with rural life, Mei encounters a small, bunny-like creature in the yard one day. Chasing it into the forest, she finds "Totoro"—a giant, mystical forest spirit whom she soon befriends. Before long, Satsuki too meets Totoro, and the two girls suddenly find their lives filled with magical adventures in nature and fantastical creatures of the woods.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For centuries, the Demon Slayer Corps has sacredly kept the location of Swordsmith Village a secret. As the village of the greatest forgers, it provides Demon Slayers with the finest weapons, which allow them to fight night-crawling fiends and ensure the safety of humans. After his sword was chipped and deemed useless, Tanjirou Kamado, along with his precious little sister Nezuko, is escorted to the village to receive a new one.Meanwhile, the death of an Upper Rank Demon disturbs the idle order in the demon world. As Tanjirou becomes acquainted with Mist Hashira Muichirou Tokitou and Love Hashira Mitsuri Kanroji, ferocious powers creep from the shadows and threaten to shatter the Demon Slayers' greatest line of defense.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The young Earl Ciel Phantomhive—the Queen's Guard Dog—is once again called to investigate seemingly supernatural phenomena when news of miraculous resurrections begins to surface in Victorian London. Along with Sebastian Michaelis, his demon butler, they board the luxury cruise liner Campania to investigate rumors of the Aurora Society—a medical organization suspected of experimenting on the dead.Grim reapers begin to appear on the ship, and it becomes apparent that the ship is about to be overrun with the undead as a devious plan is put into motion. Ciel and Sebastian must now uncover the secrets that lie behind the Aurora Society's phoenix symbol, and with the help of some old acquaintances, return the undead to their coffins or share a watery grave.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The "real" episode 1 of Meitantei Conan written by the Mangaka Gosho Aoyama.With summer vacation coming to an end, the girls are having as much fun as they can with their remaining time. However, their daily shenanigans are cut short when Suguru Koshigaya wins the grand prize of a lottery—tickets to Okinawa! After hasty preparations, the Asahigaoka group embarks on a three-day trip for their final summer getaway.Upon arriving in Okinawa and checking into an inn, the group comes across Aoi Niizato—the young daughter of the inn's hostess. Despite being of similar age, her mature demeanor leaves Natsumi Koshigaya reflecting upon her own childish nature. With the sign of an unexpected friendship blooming on the horizon, the girls waste no time diving into their ambitious sightseeing plans and regional activities![Written by MAL Rewrite]At the turn of the millennium, Ginei Studio's dilapidated buildings are set to be demolished. Ex-employee and filmmaker Genya Tachibana decides to honor this occasion with a commemorative documentary about the company's star actress: Chiyoko Fujiwara, the reclusive sweetheart of Shouwa Era cinema. Having finally obtained permission to interview the retired starlet, an enamored Genya drags along cynical cameraman Kyouji Ida to meet her, ready to put his lifelong idol back in the spotlight once more.Hidden in this secluded mountain retreat is a thousand years of history condensed into one lifetime, waiting to be narrated. Chiyoko's recollections take them on an illusionary journey through Japanese cinematic history that transcends the boundaries of reality; the saga of her acting career intertwines with her filmography, the actors in her life blend seamlessly with the characters on screen, and the present melds with the past. Though the actress may have retired at the height of her career 30 years ago, the curtain on her life's stage has yet to fall.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The greedy samurai lord Daigo Kagemitsu's land is dying, and he would do anything for power, even renounce Buddha and make a pact with demons. His prayers are answered by 12 demons who grant him the power he desires by aiding his prefecture's growth, but at a price. When Kagemitsu's first son is born, the boy has no limbs, no nose, no eyes, no ears, nor even skin—yet still, he lives.This child is disposed of in a river and forgotten. But as luck would have it, he is saved by a medicine man who provides him with prosthetics and weapons, allowing for him to survive and fend for himself. The boy lives and grows, and although he cannot see, hear, or feel anything, he must defeat the demons that took him as sacrifice. With the death of each one, he regains a part of himself that is rightfully his. For many years he wanders alone, until one day an orphan boy, Dororo, befriends him. The unlikely pair of castaways now fight for their survival and humanity in an unforgiving, demon-infested world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Owing to an increasing debt, Kaiji Itou ends up resuming his old lifestyle. One day, while walking on the street, he stumbles upon Yuuji Endou, who is hunting Kaiji due to the money he owes to the Teiai Group. Unaware of this, Kaiji eagerly follows Endou, hoping for a chance to participate in another gamble, but soon finds out the loan shark's real intentions when he is kidnapped.Given that Kaiji is unable to pay off his huge debt, the Teiai Group instead sends him to work in an underground labor camp. He is told that he will have to live in this hell for 15 years, alongside other debtors, until he can earn his freedom. His only hope to put an early end to this nightmare is by saving enough money to be able to go back to the surface for a single day. Once he is there, he plans to obtain the remaining money needed to settle his account by making a high-stakes wager. However, as many temptations threaten his scarce income, Kaiji may have to resort to gambling sooner than he had expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two souls, living very different lives, wander alone and isolated in their respective worlds. For nine-year-old Ren, the last person who treated him with any form of kindness has been killed, and he is shunned by what is left of his family. With no parents, no real family, and no place to go, Ren escapes into the confusing streets and alleyways of Shibuya. Through the twists and turns of the alleys, Ren stumbles into the intimidating Kumatetsu, who leads him to the beast realm of Shibuten.For Kumatetsu, the boy represents a chance for him to become a candidate to replace the lord of the realm once he retires. While nearly unmatched in combat, Kumatetsu's chilly persona leaves him with no disciples to teach and no way to prove he is worthy of becoming the lord's successor. While the two share different goals, they agree to help each other in order to reach them. Kumatetsu searches for recognition; Ren, now known as Kyuuta, searches for the home he never had. As the years pass by, it starts to become apparent that the two are helping each other in more ways than they had originally thought. Perhaps there has always been less of a difference between them, a boy and a beast, than either of the two ever realized.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Hokkaido, it is rumored that there is a stash of hidden gold. This gold was supposedly stolen by a man who killed the original Ainu owners; and before being captured and imprisoned by the police, he hid it in a secret location. In order to relay the gold's location to his comrades on the outside, he tattooed the map on the bodies of his cellmates and promised them a share of the gold—provided they managed to escape and find it.In Golden Kamuy 2nd Season, First Lieutenant Tokushirou Tsurumi plans to give the 7th Division an advantage in the war for the tattoos by getting a taxidermist to create skins that only he can distinguish as fake. Meanwhile, Saichi "The Immortal" Sugimoto, Asirpa, and their companions continue their hunt for the skins by following a strange rumor: a thief who broke into a home in Yubari found taxidermied human corpses, among which was a torso with strange tattoos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tatsuya Kimura is beginning to feel left behind. With his friends Ippo Makunouchi and Mamoru Takamura holding the championship belt in their respective weight classes, Kimura's inability to become Japan's Junior Lightweight boxing champion eats away at him. Scheduled to fight with the current champion Ryo Mashiba, Kimura begins to train with Ippo's rival Ichirou Miyata, who previously suffered a crushing defeat from Mashiba's signature "Hitman" style of boxing.But Mashiba has his own desire to hold onto the belt, hoping to soon shoot for the World title and secure financial stability for his sister Kumi. Will Kimura's overwhelming drive to prove his strength as a boxer overcome Mashiba's desperate wish to provide a better life for Kumi?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Spring has finally arrived in Moomin Valley, giving way to another great adventure for Moomintroll and the rest of its inhabitants. With Snufkin coming home from his winter migration, the locals of the valley finally begin to rise from their hibernation. Finding a mysterious hat, the Moomins cannot bring themselves to throw it away due to its fine quality, instead hoping to eventually find its owner. While playing games with his friends, Moomin tries to hide in the silk hat. When his friends come looking for him, they are shocked to discover that Moomin has transformed into a hideous creature. Examining himself in the mirror, he is disgusted to find himself completely unrecognizable.Transforming back to normal after scaring his friends and family, Moomin and Snufkin decide to toss the hat in the river. As it drifts away, they begin to wonder who the hat belonged to and whether its owner will return for their lost possession.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Loid Forger, an elite spy, is warned by his handler that he may potentially be reassigned from his ongoing mission, Operation Strix. To maintain his position, he must make significant progress toward the operation's objectives, which involves having his adoptive daughter Anya earn sufficient Stella Stars to become an Imperial Scholar at Eden Academy.After learning of a cooking contest that awards the winning student with a Stella Star, Loid researches the judge's preferred dessert to help increase Anya's odds. However, perfectly recreating the judge's favorite meremere requires more than just following a recipe. Thus, the Forgers embark on a vacation to the Frigis region to try an authentic meremere. Not all goes smoothly on the trip, as the Forger family ends up entwined in a sinister plot to reignite war between the countries of Ostania and Westalis.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Wu Shan Wu Xing.With its armies sweeping across the continent, the Empire seems unstoppable. After securing victory over the remnants of the Republic's army, the Empire's ultimate victory is finally within reach. However, dark clouds are gathering in the East. The communist-led Russy Federation is mustering troops on its western border, preparing to enter the war. Supported by a detachment of Allied volunteer magicians—among whom is Mary Sioux, the daughter of a soldier killed by Tanya Degurechaff—the Federation is determined to spread the communist creed and bring the Empire to its knees.Meanwhile, Tanya and her battalion return to the imperial capital from the southern front. Upon their arrival, they are tasked with investigating troop movements on the border with the Federation. Any escalation of violence at this point may lead to new conflicts, plunging the world into a devastating global war.Will the Empire eventually emerge victorious from its struggle, or will it crumble in the face of superior enemies and radically different ideologies?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Roaming the halls of the all-boys Sanada North High School are three close comrades: the eccentric ringleader with a hyperactive imagination Hidenori, the passionate Yoshitake, and the rational and prudent Tadakuni. Their lives are filled with giant robots, true love, and intense drama... in their colorful imaginations, at least. In reality, they are just an everyday trio of ordinary guys trying to pass the time, but who said everyday life couldn't be interesting? Whether it's an intricate RPG reenactment or an unexpected romantic encounter on the riverbank at sunset, Danshi Koukousei no Nichijou is rife with bizarre yet hilariously relatable situations that are anything but mundane.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second part of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka IV.Nearing their first debut anniversary and with their popularity still on the rise, IDOLiSH7 set a date for a live tour to express their gratitude toward their fans. Meanwhile, the Black or White event draws closer—and as the previous year's winners—the group must prepare to take on the challengers. Looking to solidify their reputation in the world of idols, IDOLiSH7 are determined to come out victorious and settle the score once and for all with their rival, TRIGGER.While working around their packed schedules, IDOLiSH7, TRIGGER, and Re:vale meet powerful figures in the entertainment industry. In the midst of the hectic period, some members catch wind of a scandalous rumor regarding IDOLiSH7. As the members of IDOLiSH7 begin to worry about their image, their bonds are put to the test, all while a spiteful figure begins to carry out a certain plan behind the scenes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tekkadan has now become a direct affiliate of Teiwaz after procuring a new trade agreement with Arbrau. With its newfound funds and prestige, Tekkadan finds both its list of allies and enemies growing. Meanwhile, the flames of the Gjallarhorn power struggle continue to rage in full force. As a part of her efforts to make Mars financially independent from Earth, Kudelia Aina Bernstein founds the Admoss Company and enlists Tekkadan as her business partner. The stakes are getting higher as the Tekkadan family continues to grow. Will Orga, Mikazuki, and the rest of the Tekkadan faction be able to keep up, or will Kudelia's dream of Martian independence die out?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Suzu Urano is a pure and kindhearted girl who loves to draw and keep her head in the clouds. Growing up in the outskirts of Hiroshima with her family, she is more than happy to help with her grandmother's nori business.However, when she becomes of age, Suzu leaves her beloved home to marry Shuusaku Houjou, a man she barely knows. As she integrates into her new husband's household, the homesick bride struggles to adjust to the unfamiliar environment as the war effort extends far beyond its point of no return. When the war reaches Suzu's own backyard and peace gives way to brutality, how will she support herself and those she comes to love along the way?Kono Sekai no Katasumi ni paints a colorful yet haunting depiction of everyday life in the years before and after World War II, showcasing the perseverance and fortitude of ordinary Japanese during one of the darkest periods of modern history.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinichi Chiaki is quickly making a name for himself as the principal conductor of the revitalized Roux-Marlet Orchestra, and Megumi "Nodame" Noda has made leaps and bounds as a pianist at the Conservatoire de Paris. However, tensions mount between the two as Nodame feels left behind by Chiaki's growing success and his close friendship with legendary piano prodigy Rui Son. Disregarding her teacher Professor Charles Auclair's advice, Nodame enters another piano competition in an attempt to jumpstart her own performance career. Meanwhile, those around Chiaki and Nodame are at their own crossroads. Rui begins to doubt herself after hearing Nodame's playing and being denied tutelage from Auclair; Maestro Franz von Stresemann faces the reality of his mortality; pianists Yunlong Li and Tatiana Vishneva feverishly prepare for a competition, while the latter also struggles with her growing feelings for oboist and fellow student Yasunori Kuroki. As Chiaki, Nodame, and their friends continue on their respective journeys, they must not only strive to stay true to themselves, but also remember where it all started.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Holo is a powerful wolf deity who is revered in the small town of Pasloe for blessing the annual harvest. Yet as years go by and the villagers become more self-sufficient, Holo has been reduced to a mere folktale. When a traveling merchant named Kraft Lawrence stops at the settlement, Holo offers to become his business partner if he takes her to her northern home of Yoitsu. The savvy trader recognizes Holo's unusual ability to evaluate a person's character and accepts her proposition.Now in the possession of both sharp bargaining skills and a charismatic negotiator, Lawrence inches closer to his goal of opening his own shop. However, as Lawrence travels the countryside with Holo in search of economic opportunities, he begins to realize that his aspirations are slowly morphing into something unexpected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Subaru Natsuki leaves the convenience store, the last thing he expects is to be wrenched from his everyday life and dropped into a fantasy world. Things are not looking good for the bewildered teenager; however, not long after his arrival, he is attacked by some thugs. Armed with only a bag of groceries and a now useless cell phone, he is quickly beaten to a pulp. Fortunately, a mysterious beauty named Satella, in hot pursuit after the one who stole her insignia, happens upon Subaru and saves him. In order to thank the honest and kindhearted girl, Subaru offers to help in her search, and later that night, he even finds the whereabouts of that which she seeks. But unbeknownst to them, a much darker force stalks the pair from the shadows, and just minutes after locating the insignia, Subaru and Satella are brutally murdered.However, Subaru immediately reawakens to a familiar scene—confronted by the same group of thugs, meeting Satella all over again—the enigma deepens as history inexplicably repeats itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The rare and inexplicable Puberty Syndrome is thought of as a myth. It is a rare disease which only affects teenagers, and its symptoms are so supernatural that hardly anyone recognizes it as a legitimate occurrence. However, high school student Sakuta Azusagawa knows from personal experience that it is very much real, and happens to be quite prevalent in his school.Mai Sakurajima is a third-year high school student who gained fame in her youth as a child actress, but recently halted her promising career for reasons unknown to the public. With an air of unapproachability, she is well known throughout the school, but none dare interact with her—that is until Sakuta sees her wandering the library in a bunny girl costume. Despite the getup, no one seems to notice her, and after confronting her, he realizes that she is another victim of Puberty Syndrome. As Sakuta tries to help Mai through her predicament, his actions bring him into contact with more girls afflicted with the elusive disease.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nanami Momozono and her familiars Tomoe and Mizuki have survived quite a few challenges since Nanami took up the mantle of Mikage Shrine's patron god. Naturally, the wind god Otohiko comes to invite Nanami to the Divine Assembly in Izumo, the home of the gods, and Nanami chooses to take Mizuki with her, leaving Tomoe to pose as her at school. However, she has an ulterior motive for attending the Divine Assembly: to discover the whereabouts of the missing Lord Mikage, the former god of the shrine. After her adventures in Izumo, Nanami meets Botanmaru, a tengu child looking for someone she knows all too well—tengu turned goth idol Shinjirou Kurama. Botanmaru needs Shinjirou, their prince, to return home to Mount Kurama and stop the tyranny of Jirou, who has taken over the rule of their hometown. However, Nanami soon discovers a force much darker than Jirou is at work on the mountain.As a fledgling god becoming more accustomed to divinity, Nanami finds herself dealing with a tengu rebellion, her blooming feelings for Tomoe, and a strange man with ties to both Tomoe's past and Nanami's future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Madoka Kaname and her best friend Sayaka Miki are ordinary middle school students in the city of Mitakihara. But one day, they encounter a strange cat-like creature named Kyuubey, who claims he can grant them one wish. In exchange, they would become magical girls and fight against evil perpetrated by witches. A veteran magical girl in the area, Mami Tomoe, decides to show them how to hunt witches, while the mysterious transfer student Homura Akemi warns them to not take Kyuubey's deal, though she refuses to say why.However, after witnessing the brutal reality of fighting witches, the girls decide it may be safer to decline Kyuubey's offer. But when another magical girl arrives in the city and Sayaka decides to make a wish to help the one she loves, things quickly escalate as they are confronted with the harsh truth behind their powers and the ultimate price of their wishes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kiki, a 13-year-old witch-in-training, must spend a year living on her own in a distant town in order to become a full-fledged witch. Leaving her family and friends, Kiki undertakes this tradition when she flies out into the open world atop her broomstick with her black cat Jiji.As she settles down in the coastal town of Koriko, Kiki struggles to adapt and ends up wandering the streets with no place to stay—until she encounters Osono, who offers Kiki boarding in exchange for making deliveries for her small bakery. Before long, Kiki decides to open her own courier service by broomstick, beginning her journey to independence. In attempting to find her place among the townsfolk, Kiki brings with her exciting new experiences and comes to understand the true meaning of responsibility.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having bid farewell to his former teammates at Kaido High School's baseball club, Gorou Honda returns to his hometown eager to continue playing. Attending a new high school proves to be more difficult than he initially expected, as Tetsufumi Egashira's merciless slandering of his name prevents Gorou from being accepted into any school with an existing baseball team. Left with no other options, Gorou joins Seishuu High School, where his childhood friend Kaoru Shimizu also attends. However, Seishuu has always been an all-girls school until two years ago, so there is not yet a dedicated men’s baseball team.But nothing will stop Gorou in his pursuit of Koshien. He must now create a baseball team from scratch with the seven male students at Seishuu, but all of them are complete amateurs! He decides to train the incompetent team up to nationally competitive levels, but such a feat is easier said than done. Will Gorou once again perform miracles? Or will he give up on achieving his goal of defeating Kaido with his own team? [Written by MAL Rewrite]Kudou Shinichi is living his life as Edogawa Conan, but those days seem like they might end pretty soon. The Black Syndicate is coming dangerously close to learning the truth about Shinichi having survived. Conan and everybody around him may end up dead if he doesn't manage to find Irish—a member of the Black Organization who has infiltrated the police forces, currently investigating a big serial murder case.Shizuku Tsukishima is an energetic 14-year-old girl who enjoys reading and writing poetry in her free time. Glancing at the checkout cards of her books one evening, she notices that her library books are frequently checked out by a boy named Seiji Amasawa. Curiosity strikes Shizuku, and she decides to search for the boy who shares her love for literature.Meeting a peculiar cat on the train, Shizuku follows the animal and is eventually led to a quaint antique shop, where she learns about a cat statuette known as "The Baron." Taking an interest in the shop, she surprisingly finds Seiji, and the two quickly befriend one another. Shizuku learns while acquainting herself with Seiji that he has a dream that he would like to fulfill, causing her dismay as she remains uncertain of her future and has yet to recognize her talents.However, as her relationship with Seiji grows, Shizuku becomes determined to work toward a goal. Guided by the whispers of her heart and inspiration from The Baron, she resolves to carve out her own potential and dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Holo is a powerful wolf deity who is revered in the small town of Pasloe for blessing the annual harvest. Yet as years go by and the villagers become more self-sufficient, Holo has been reduced to a mere folktale. When a traveling merchant named Kraft Lawrence stops at the settlement, Holo offers to become his business partner if he takes her to her northern home of Yoitsu. The savvy trader recognizes Holo's unusual ability to evaluate a person's character and accepts her proposition. Now in the possession of both sharp bargaining skills and a charismatic negotiator, Lawrence inches closer to his goal of opening his own shop. However, as Lawrence travels the countryside with Holo in search of economic opportunities, he begins to realize that his aspirations are slowly morphing into something unexpected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yoshikazu Miyano's troubles first start one hot summer day when Shuumei Sasaki steps into his life. Sasaki saves Miyano's classmate from a group of bullies, and after that, Miyano cannot seem to shake off his eccentric upperclassman. His silent admiration for Sasaki gradually sours into annoyance each time the so-called delinquent refuses to leave him alone. Constantly being called by cute nicknames and having his boundaries ignored, Miyano wonders why Sasaki wants to get close to him.The shy and easily flustered Miyano harbors an embarrassing secret—he is a "fudanshi," a boy who likes boys' love (BL) manga. The last thing he wants is for other students to find out, but through a slip of the tongue, he reveals the truth to Sasaki. Intrigued, the clueless Sasaki asks to borrow a book to read, which he is given very reluctantly. To Miyano's surprise, Sasaki enjoys the BL that he receives and asks for more, marking a shift in their strange dynamic.Although Sasaki appears to possess some personal agenda, his feelings for Miyano become complicated the more time they spend together. As they now share a common interest, their relationship is poised to change and further develop.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Years ago, a tragic incident befell a young princess when both her parents died. Devastated, it seemed nothing would calm this poor soul. However, a prince traveling through the area came to see the princess, hoping to cheer her up. After wiping her sorrowful tears, the prince gave her a ring carrying a rose emblem and told her as long as she holds onto the ring, they are destined to meet again. The event leaves a deep impression on the girl, Utena Tenjou, leading her to become a prince herself. Years later, Utena attends Ootori Academy, recognized by the same rose emblem as her precious ring's. There, attracted by the scent of roses, she witnesses Anthy Himemiya tending the flowers, accompanied by the Student Council President Touga Kiryuu and Vice President Kyouichi Saionji, who seem to be arguing over Anthy. While Utena thinks nothing of the occurrence, the Student Council gathers to discuss an important matter. Subsequently, a misunderstanding leads to Utena being dragged into the world of Duelists—those with rings similar to her own. The Duelists fight for the ownership of the Rose Bride, Anthy Himemiya, who is said to possess great power. Wanting to prove her capabilities as a prince, and enraged that Anthy is being wronged and objectified, Utena resolves to fight against the Duelists to save her from the cruel fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifteen years ago, disaster struck human civilization, and now dangerous man-eating monsters roam the ravaged lands, posing an existential threat to the remaining survivors. Amid this turmoil, an isolated facility shelters children and nurtures them in peace. However, as a few among them find out about the world beyond the narrow periphery of their nursery's walls, their curiosity about it slowly grows.Meanwhile, in the outside world, young survivors Maru and Kiruko band together to search for a special place called Heaven, each for their own reasons. Carrying past burdens and tragic secrets, the two hope to find answers to the cruelty they have experienced in their lives and in the world, which still remains in tatters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Vash the Stampede is the man with a $$60,000,000,000 bounty on his head. The reason: he's a merciless villain who lays waste to all those that oppose him and flattens entire cities for fun, garnering him the title "The Humanoid Typhoon." He leaves a trail of death and destruction wherever he goes, and anyone can count themselves dead if they so much as make eye contact—or so the rumors say. In actuality, Vash is a huge softie who claims to have never taken a life and avoids violence at all costs.With his crazy doughnut obsession and buffoonish attitude in tow, Vash traverses the wasteland of the planet Gunsmoke, all the while followed by two insurance agents, Meryl Stryfe and Milly Thompson, who attempt to minimize his impact on the public. But soon, their misadventures evolve into life-or-death situations as a group of legendary assassins are summoned to bring about suffering to the trio. Vash's agonizing past will be unraveled and his morality and principles pushed to the breaking point.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of Tunshi Xingkong.Jealous of Suneo's new robot toy, Nobita asks Doraemon to build him an even better one. Doraemon initially refuses, until Nobita accidentally discovers pieces of a mysterious robot that falls from the sky. After gathering all the robot parts and assembled them together, the giant robot, Zanda Claus, is soon completed. The duo soon learn that the robot is not a mere toy, but a powerful weapon in the fight against the coming Robot Army that is going to attack Earth and enslave the human inhabitants of it. An invasion is near, as a mysterious girl Riruru (リルル, Alternative spelling: Lilulu, Lillele [Doko Demo Doa Scanlations]) shows up, looking for the robot.(Source: Wikipedia)The long-awaited finals of the Spring Tournament have arrived for Karasuno High School's volleyball team. The winner of the match will go on to represent all of Miyagi Prefecture at the National Tournament. However, the last challenge Karasuno must overcome is to win against Shiratorizawa Academy, the school that houses Wakatoshi Ushijima, one of Japan's top three aces. Shiratorizawa is the reigning Miyagi champion for the past three years, and Karasuno seems to have little chance at dethroning them. When the other school's captain Ushijima insults Karasuno to their faces, freshmen duo Shouyou Hinata and Tobio Kageyama swear to defeat them and steal their spot in the nationals. Against a roster full of nationally-ranked players, the former flightless crows will have to use everything in their arsenal if they want to represent Miyagi.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the conclusion of the three-way organizational war, government bureaucrat Ango Sakaguchi recalls an event that transpired years ago, after the death of the former Port Mafia boss. Osamu Dazai, still a new recruit at the time, was tasked with investigating rumors related to a mysterious explosion that decimated part of the city years ago—and its connection to the alleged reappearance of the former boss.Due to circumstances out of his control, he is partnered with Chuuya Nakahara, the gifted yet impulsive leader of a rival clan known as the Sheep, to uncover the truth behind the case and shine a light on the myth of Arahabaki—the god of fire who might just lead Dazai to the case's solution.Meanwhile, in the present day, it is business as usual once again for the Armed Detective Agency. Their peaceful break will not last for long, however, as enemies old and new gather their strength and prepare for another face-off.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For this year's Nadeshiko Festival, Sakura Kinomoto's elementary school class is presenting a play. She will portray a princess who struggles to respond to the love confession of the neighboring country's prince. Sakura empathizes with her character all too well, since she herself still owes an answer to the boy who confessed his love for her four months ago.When cousins Shaoran and Meiling Li return from Hong Kong to pay a surprise visit to their friends in Japan, Sakura receives further encouragement to finally declare her feelings. However, she is repeatedly distracted by a presence reminiscent of a Clow Card as well as unexplained disappearances around town.Eventually, Sakura learns of another of Clow Reed's creations—the "Nothing"—which was formerly sealed away beneath the magician's old house. It has power equal to all 52 cards Sakura possesses, and furthermore, it wants to take those cards away from her! Objects, space, and people disappear from Tomoeda with each card that is stolen. Sakura sets out to capture the Nothing so everything will return to normal, but what must she sacrifice in the process?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the American city of Snowfield, a new Holy Grail War is about to erupt. Such ruthless confrontations pit against each other magic experts known as magi, who ascend to the status of Master by summoning Servants—heroic spirits of the past. The winner is thought to have any one of their wishes granted.However, it appears that the organization behind the present situation has merely managed to create an imperfect copy of the Third Holy Grail War. As the unusual ritual catches the attention of the Mage's Association in London, Flatt Escardos, the young apprentice of Lord El-Melloi II—a former participant of the Fourth Holy Grail War—travels to Snowfield and, to the great dismay of his teacher, joins the ranks of the Masters.In this fake conflict where the line between Masters and Servants is blurred, the different factions will have a hard time preventing the city of Snowfield from plunging into total chaos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tooru Honda has always been fascinated by the story of the Chinese zodiac that her beloved mother told her as a child. However, a sudden family tragedy changes her life, and subsequent circumstances leave her all alone. Tooru is now forced to live in a tent, but little does she know that her temporary home resides on the private property of the esteemed Souma family. Stumbling upon their home one day, she encounters Shigure, an older Souma cousin, and Yuki, the "prince" of her school. Tooru explains that she lives nearby, but the Soumas eventually discover her well-kept secret of being homeless when they see her walking back to her tent one night.Things start to look up for Tooru as they kindly offer to take her in after hearing about her situation. But soon after, she is caught up in a fight between Yuki and his hot-tempered cousin, Kyou. While trying to stop them, she learns that the Souma family has a well-kept secret of their own: whenever they are hugged by a member of the opposite sex, they transform into the animals of the Chinese zodiac.With this new revelation, Tooru will find that living with the Soumas is an unexpected adventure filled with laughter and romance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series of unfortunate events has led Makoto Edamura to adopt the life of crime—pickpocketing and scamming others for a living. However, after swindling a seemingly clueless tourist, Makoto discovers that he was the one tricked and, to make matters worse, that the police are now after him. While making his escape, he runs into the tourist once again, who turns out to be a fellow con man named Laurent Thierry, and ends up following him to Los Angeles. In an attempt to defend his self-proclaimed title of "Japan's Greatest Swindler," Makoto challenges his rival to determine the better scammer. Accepting the competition, Laurent drops them off outside a huge mansion and claims that their target will be the biggest mafia boss on the West Coast.As Makoto becomes increasingly involved with the cunning Laurent, his colorful associates, and the world of international high-stakes fraud, he soon realizes that he got more than what he bargained for as his self-declared skills are continually put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Deep in the countryside, a man named Okina works as a bamboo cutter in a forest, chopping away at the hollow plants day after day. One day, he discovers a small baby inside a glowing shoot. He immediately takes her home, convinced that she is a princess sent to Earth as a divine blessing from heaven. Okina and his wife Ouna take it upon themselves to raise the infant as their own, watching over her as she quickly grows into an energetic young girl. Given the name Kaguya, she fits right in with the village she has come to call home, going on adventures with the other children and enjoying what youth has to offer.But when Okina finds a large fortune of gold and treasure in the forest, Kaguya's life is completely changed. Believing this to be yet another gift from heaven, he takes it upon himself to turn his daughter into a real princess using the wealth he has just obtained, relocating the family to a mansion in the capital. As she leaves her friends behind to enter into an unwanted life of royalty, Kaguya's origins and purpose slowly come to light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the Interhigh Championship finally over, Seirin's basketball team refocuses their efforts, training harder than ever to get the chance to participate in the Winter Cup. Both Tetsuya Kuroko and Taiga Kagami see old friends walk back into their lives, providing a challenge both on and off the court.As new skills are developed and new alliances created, enemies from various teams—giants of high school basketball such as Yousen, Shuutoku, and Touou—stand in the way of Seirin's steadfast attempts to get to the top. All of these schools prove to be formidable foes whose abilities progress exponentially, while Kuroko struggles to find a balance between his resolve to play as part of a team and his desire to win. With old wounds reopening, new challenges to face on the court, and a new set of foes—the "Uncrowned Kings"—vowing to defeat the new hopefuls, will Seirin ever be able to achieve their dream of beating the Generation of Miracles?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Liz's days of solitude come to an end when she meets a blue bird in the form of a young girl. Although their relationship blossoms, Liz must make a heart-wrenching decision in order to truly realize her love for Blue Bird.High school seniors and close friends Mizore Yoroizuka and Nozomi Kasaki are tasked to play the lead instruments in the third movement of Liz and the Blue Bird, a concert band piece inspired by this fairy tale. The introverted and reserved Mizore plays the oboe, representing the kind and gentle Liz. Meanwhile, the radiant and popular Nozomi plays the flute, portraying the cheerful and energetic Blue Bird.However, as they rehearse, the distance between Mizore and Nozomi seems to grow. Their disjointed duet disappoints the band, and with graduation on the horizon, uncertainty about the future spurs complicated emotions. With little time to improve as their performance draws near, they desperately attempt to connect with their respective characters. But when Mizore and Nozomi consider the story from a brand-new perspective, will the girls find the strength to face harsh realities?A spin-off film adaptation of the Hibike Euphonium! series, Liz to Aoi Tori dances between the parallels of a charming fairy tale, a moving musical piece, and a delicate high school friendship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After celebrating their victory against Al-Thamen, Aladdin and his friends depart the land of Sindria. With the end of the battle, however, comes the time for each of them to go their separate ways. Hakuryuu and Kougyoku are ordered to go back to their home country, the Kou Empire. Meanwhile Aladdin announces he needs to head for Magnostadt—a mysterious country ruled by magicians—to investigate the mysterious events occurring in this new kingdom and become more proficient in magic. For their part, encouraged by Aladdin's words, Alibaba and Morgiana also set off in pursuit of their own goals: training and going to her homeland, respectively.Magi: The Kingdom of Magic follows these friends as they all go about their separate adventures, each facing their own challenges. However, a new threat begins to rise as a great war looms over the horizon...[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the town of Clock Hill, there is an old boarding house called Maison Ikkoku. While the residence itself is fairly normal, most of its occupants are not. Yuusaku Godai, its most quiet tenant, has finally reached his limit with his neighbors' constant disruptions and boisterous partying. Wanting a calmer place to call home so that he can study in peace, he prepares to move away.However, his plans to leave are suddenly interrupted when he meets the new boarding house manager, Kyoko Otonashi. Falling madly in love with her, he decides that the boarding house may not be such a bad place to live after all. Unfortunately for him, Kyoko has her own romantic troubles: she is a widow whose husband died six months into their marriage. And despite her blossoming feelings for Godai, Kyoko still cherishes her dearly departed husband, and she believes that no other man could possibly fill the void in her heart. But with Godai's persistence and some help of the other eccentric tenants, she may experience true love once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gorou Honda, a little boy obsessed with baseball, has always admired his father, Shigeharu. Wishing to follow in his father's footsteps, Gorou dreams of becoming a professional baseball player. In turn, his son's starry-eyed admiration encourages Shigeharu to keep persevering, despite his late wife's death and his unsatisfying position on the second-string team Blue Ocean.Unfortunately, an elbow injury forces Shigeharu off the team, and he falls into despair. However, after an offhand joke from his childhood friend, Shigeharu reevaluates his choices and decides to keep playing, leaving behind his prime position as pitcher and taking up the bat. Now motivated more than ever, Gorou works hard to carve his way in the Japanese Little League.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Amid the desolate remains of a once-thriving city, only the rumbling of a motorbike breaks the cold winter silence. Its riders, Chito and Yuuri, are the last survivors in the war-torn city. Scavenging old military sites for food and parts, the two girls explore the wastelands and speculate about the old world to pass the time. Chito and Yuuri each occasionally struggle with the looming solitude, but when they have each other, sharing the weight of being two of the last humans becomes a bit more bearable. Between Yuuri's clumsy excitement and Chito's calm composure, their dark days get a little brighter with shooting practice, new books, and snowball fights on the frozen battlefield. Among a scenery of barren landscapes and deserted buildings, Shoujo Shuumatsu Ryokou tells the uplifting tale of two girls and their quest to find hope in a bleak and dying world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At Kaimei High School there is a special club dedicated to helping others known as the SKET Brigade. The brains of the group is Kazuyoshi "Switch" Usui, a tech-savvy otaku who speaks through speech synthesis software, while the brawn is provided by Hime "Himeko" Onizuka, the hockey stick-wielding girl once known as "Onihime."  And last but not least, their leader is Yuusuke "Bossun" Fujisaki, whose latent ability is evoked by his goggles, allowing him to summon the awesome power of extraordinary concentration.  However, most of the school only know them as the club that handles odd jobs. Many of their days are spent in the clubroom slacking off, but when there is something to be done, they give their all to help others—usually in sincere, but unintentionally hilarious, ways. The SKET Brigade do all they can to provide support, kindness, encouragement, and troubleshooting to any students crazy enough to ask for their services.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]Kimihiro Watanuki's life was never really normal. But in addition to his ability to see spirits, this sequel to xxxHOLiC finds him still slaving away for Yuuko, the bizarre owner of a strange shop, who promised to rid him of this ability. However, this otherworldly woman can only do so when he has worked enough to earn his wish. Such is the way for anyone who finds their way into the shop to have their request granted: a compensation equal to their wish must be paid. In this odd shop that straddles the world of the living and the dead, Watanuki finds himself doing household chores for the seemingly lazy Yuuko and her companions, while also helping out clients. Along with his classmates, supposed romantic rival Shizuka Doumeki and his crush Himawari Kunogi, Watanuki deals with the many misfortunes surrounding Yuuko's customers, as well as those that closely follow him and his friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Vanitas and Noé Archiviste head out to the town of Gévaudan in search of the "Beast," an enormous wolf-like creature that has slaughtered hundreds of people. Suspecting that the Beast is a curse-bearing vampire, Vanitas primarily aims to heal it using the powers of his grimoire.Along the way, the two get separated and suddenly travel back to the past—to the exact moment the Beast is lurking in the woods. After a battle against the gigantic wolf and a vampire hunter, Vanitas decides to team up with Jeanne in order to find Noé. Despite being allies, Jeanne's goal is the opposite of Vanitas', as she was tasked to kill the Beast—suspecting it may be someone she used to know.Meanwhile, a severely wounded Noé is picked up by the mysterious Chloé d'Apchier and her servant. Like Noé, Chloé is a vampire whose existence was erased from the public's knowledge. She has been a guardian for future generations and once tried to find a way to become human again. While Noé is grateful to Chloé for her hospitality, little does he know that she might be siding with forces far more dangerous than the Beast itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the Volunteer Service Club now firmly established, it is receiving more requests from students in search of solutions to their various issues. However, the club members often struggle to see eye to eye when it comes to their problem-solving ideals. The suggestions that Hachiman Hikigaya recommends frequently clash with those of Yukino Yukinoshita, fracturing the relationships within the club. Despite their differences, with the trio constantly trying to find common ground, they may soon reach a point where they discover something genuine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a hot summer day in Kyoto, a young man walks toward his apartment, dreaming of turning on the air conditioner and cooling down. But before he can turn his dream into reality, disaster naturally strikes in the form of Ozu, who spills soda all over the remote. With the air conditioner rendered completely unusable, the man and his friends are left to suffer in the terrible August heat.Just when all hope seems lost, the group finds a true-to-life time machine in their storage room. Not knowing the dire consequences of doing so, they decide to travel back to the past and grab the remote before Ozu even has a chance to destroy it. What awaits them on the other side is a staggering adventure none of them are prepared for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Band of the Hawk has dwindled in the year since Guts left them on his journey to forge his own destiny. Unaware of their fate, Guts returns to the Hawks—now being led by his former ally Casca—after a rumor about them passes his way. Once the saviors of the kingdom of Midland, the Band of the Hawk are now hunted as they desperately fight for their lives while plotting to free their leader, Griffith, after he was imprisoned for committing treason. But the man they save is far from the Griffith they remember.Griffith is a shell of his former charismatic self after a year of continuous, horrific torture. No longer able to walk, speak, or even hold a sword, he has nothing but the small, strange trinket, the Crimson Behelit, that will not leave him. The entire Band of the Hawk want to rise to greatness once more, but how much are they willing to sacrifice to return to their past glory? It doesn't seem possible, but when Griffith's heart darkens and a solar eclipse blackens the sky, the Behelit offers a choice that will leave the Band of the Hawk with a blood-soaked fate that will haunt them for the rest of their days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The quarterfinal round of the Winter Continuous Track Cup is in full swing, and each school is going all out. What started as a furious back-and-forth firefight between Ooarai Girls Academy and Chi-Ha-Tan Academy has become a 12-hour jungle slugfest with neither team having the advantage and almost everyone running on fumes. In spite of this, Miho Nishizumi and her teammates continue to fight into the morning, hoping to land a decisive blow before their rivals.Meanwhile, Kuromorimine Girls Academy—now led by Erika Itsumi—is struggling in its match against Pravda High School. Taking Maho Nishizumi's words of advice to heart, Erika manages to break free of Kuromorimine's rigid, traditional tactics and turn the tide in her favor. At the same time, St. Gloriana Girls College faces off against Anzio High School, while Saunders University High School has a tough fixture with underdog Continuation High School and its mysterious sharpshooter, Jouko. With only four semifinal spots up for grabs, the members of each team must give their absolute best performance if they want to survive and successfully make it to the next round![Written by MAL Rewrite]On the surface, the thought of Kyouko Hori and Izumi Miyamura getting along would be the last thing in people's minds. After all, Hori has a perfect combination of beauty and brains, while Miyamura appears meek and distant to his fellow classmates. However, a fateful meeting between the two lays both of their hidden selves bare. Even though she is popular at school, Hori has little time to socialize with her friends due to housework. On the other hand, Miyamura lives under the noses of his peers, his body bearing secret tattoos and piercings that make him look like a gentle delinquent.Having opposite personalities yet sharing odd similarities, the two quickly become friends and often spend time together in Hori's home. As they both emerge from their shells, they share with each other a side of themselves concealed from the outside world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thwarted again by Naraku, Inuyasha, Kagome Higurashi, and their friends must continue their hunt for the few remaining Shikon Jewel shards, lest they fully form into a corrupted jewel at the hands of Naraku. But Naraku has plans of his own to acquire them, and will destroy anyone and anything standing in his way—even his own underlings.The persistent, unyielding danger posed by Naraku forces Sango and Miroku to decide what is most important to them—each other or their duty in battle. Meanwhile, Inuyasha must decide whether his heart lies with Kikyou or Kagome, before fate decides for him. Amid the race to find the shards, Inuyasha and his brother Sesshoumaru must also resolve their feud and cooperate for their final confrontation with Naraku, as it is a battle they must win in order to put a stop to his evil and cruelty once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Monkey D. Luffy and the Straw Hats arrive aboard the Sunny to the Pirates Festival, the world's largest celebration created by and for pirates. Buena Festa, the festival organizer, invites the Straw Hats and all Worst Generation crews to partake in the festivities. Luring even Shichibukai and Marines to its shores, it seems that no pirate or sailor can resist the enticing secrets that the event hides behind its glamor.The festival's contest is simple: find one of the treasures Gol D. Roger left behind. As the competition progresses, the various pirate crews fight each other in a free-for-all battle royale—that is, until the sudden appearance of an unexpected pirate drastically changes the game.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A great Pretty Cure gathering! Or so we thought. They've actually been separated~!?"Where am I...?" --When Sora wakes up, she finds herself in a mysterious world... It seems that she has lost Mashiro and the others.... But there she meets Yui, Manatsu, and Prim! What's more, Prim transforms into Cure Supreme! Mashiro meets Laura, Amane, and Nodoka on a small island in the sea, and rescues Puka from a monster attack! Tsubasa meets Saaya, Ha-chan, and Haruka, where they take a walk in the hanging garden! Ageha meets Asumi, Lala and Yukari, but Lala and Yukari are having trouble getting along! They meet a lot of friends, but for some reason, their memories are all a little hazy... And it seems that the only people in this world are Precure...? We want to go back to our own world! The clue is a castle in the distance-- Onward! Our journey begins here! Let's go on a great adventure to the castle!(Source: Official Site, translated)After reliving the life of a high school student through the ReLIFE experiment, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki cannot believe how quickly it has changed him. He has begun to see the world through a different perspective that he had completely forgotten as an adult. He has made friends and formed deep relationships with each one of them. However his support, Ryou Yoake, reminds him that the experiment is all an illusion; after his experiment ends, he will be forgotten by all of them.The experiment of another ReLIFE subject is also coming to an end. After spending two years with ReLIFE, Chizuru Hishiro has developed into a more open, more thoughtful person than she could have ever imagined. She has met people who have changed her life, her perspective, and ultimately her. However, now that their ReLIFE is coming to an end, will they be able to let go of the memories they have made?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The ground shakes, a rumble follows, and before anyone in Japan can prepare themselves, a cataclysmic volcanic eruption engulfs the country in molten lava and suffocating ashes. Of course, high school student Kusou Saiki repeatedly uses his psychic powers to prevent this harrowing catastrophe.But between restoring the planet and watching his friends discuss their aspirations, Saiki finally resolves to stop the eruption and allow the world to continue spinning. However, this straightforward task is challenging even for the most powerful of psychics, let alone one who must deal with the usual shenanigans his ludicrous friends present.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humanity is finally confronted with the threat of the Custodians—the ancient, sentient species held responsible for cursing humanity to speak different languages thousands of years ago. The Symphogear wielders—Hibiki Tachibana, Tsubasa Kazanari, Chris Yukine, Maria Cadenzavna Eve, Kirika Akatsuki, and Shirabe Tsukuyomi—are sent to the Antarctic in order to retrieve an ancient relic. After securing it and rescuing the scientific staff present there from a Coffin, the automated defense mechanism protecting it, the relic is given to American researchers due to international agreements.The criminal organization Noble Red, a remnant of the previously fought Bavarian Illuminati, starts targeting the relic. Will the Symphogear wielders and their supporting organization S.O.N.G. be able to foil the plans of the organizations conspiring against them?[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day, manga author Shin Karino is greeted by four-year-old Kotarou Satou, his new next-door neighbor, who gifts him a box of tissues. In Karino's eyes, Kotarou is an odd kid: he speaks in an extremely formal manner, and he lives alone in his apartment—no parents or relatives in sight. But Kotarou neither seems to mind, nor wants to rely on people.Feeling sympathetic toward Kotarou's circumstances, Karino decides to follow Kotarou to a bathhouse in case something might happen to him and there he comes to understand the little boy is not so different from him. Little by little, Karino—along with the other residents of the apartment complex—grows fond of Kotarou and his antics. At the same time, Kotarou himself might have found something akin to a family in his unique neighbors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gorou Honda has finally returned to Mifune East Junior High School, surprising his friends upon arrival. Now, Gorou is once again surrounded by those he holds closest, and he strives to continue playing and enjoying the game he loves most.However, things do not go as planned, as Gorou is reminded of the harsh realities of baseball as he copes with an injury he sustained while playing baseball at Hitaka Little. Between new rivals, old friends, and mending broken relationships, Gorou must overcome challenges he has never faced before. His goal of attending elite baseball high school Kaido may not be far from his reach, but complicated circumstances may stop him in his tracks once again. How will he deal with the immense pressures of the game? And will he ever be able to find the type of baseball he loves most?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having finished high school, Gorou Honda sets his sights on becoming a professional baseball player. His dreams are much more ambitious than becoming a Japanese Baseball League player, so he instead decides to move to the birthplace of his beloved sport, America, in order to play in the Major League.However, Gorou finds that the Major League players are much faster, stronger, and more driven than he is. Nonetheless, he is eager to catch up with them. In order to do so, Gorou must first conquer the ranks of the Minor League, where numerous skilled players compete in the grueling rise to the Majors.Gorou learns that he will have to adapt to the stark differences of American culture and push himself to new extremes as his race to join the Major League begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a dark night, the Japanese police is raided by a spy. Different countries' intelligence agencies—such as England's MI6, Germany's BND, and America's CIA—as well as the FBI's secret files are going to be taken, but public safety officers lead by Tooru Amuro arrive just in time. The spy steals a car and escapes. The spy and Amuro are then locked in a dead heat on the highway, and just as it is about to cause an accident with multiple cars, the spy's car is hit by FBI agent Shuichi Akai's rifle bullet and falls of the roadway.The next day, Conan and his friends go to a newly-remodeled aquarium in Tokyo. Under the main attraction, a Ferris wheel, Conan finds an attractive woman alone and injured. Her left and right eyes are different colors.But the woman is in a state of amnesia where she doesn't even remember her own name, and the cellphone she's carrying is broken. Conan and his friends promise to help her regain her memory, so they stay with her.Throughout all this, Vermouth is watching behind the scenes. Afterwards, she pulls out a silencer and speaks into an attached intercom, "It's as planned, Gin."Megalo Box is an advanced form of boxing where competitors wear metal frames called Gear. When the first ever Megalonia tournament took place, "Gearless" Joe became its champion and known to all as a legendary fighter. However, soon after, he lost an exhibition match against the second champion and vanished from the public eye.Seven years later, Joe now goes by "Nomad" and keeps a low profile, occasionally fighting in a few underground matches to get by. He is haunted by hallucinations and relies on a set of painkillers to numb his mind.During a match, Joe wins against an opponent, Chief, who purposefully loses for some extra cash from gamblers. Subsequently, Joe discovers that Chief is from a community of immigrants called the Casa. Chief is gradually trying to make enough money to purchase the land where they live illegally. At first, Joe hesitates to get involved, but eventually decides to lend the Casa a helping hand.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Brook questions the origin of the Mini Merry name, Usopp and Chopper Tony Tony recall the adventures of the Straw Hat Crew's beloved ship, friend, and crew member—the Going Merry. Ussop abandons the crew for a fight over the Going Merry while Robin Nico leaves with the government's top assassin group, CP9. In order to bring the crew back together, Monkey D. Luffy and the remaining Straw Hats follow Robin to rescue her from the claws of the World Government.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Wakana Gojou spends his days perfecting the art of making hina dolls, hoping to eventually reach his grandfather's level of expertise. While his fellow teenagers busy themselves with pop culture, Gojou finds bliss in sewing clothes for his dolls. Nonetheless, he goes to great lengths to keep his unique hobby a secret, as he believes that he would be ridiculed were it revealed. Enter Marin Kitagawa, an extraordinarily pretty girl whose confidence and poise are in stark contrast to Gojou's meekness. It would defy common sense for the friendless Gojou to mix with the likes of Kitagawa, who is always surrounded by her peers. However, the unimaginable happens when Kitagawa discovers Gojou's prowess with a sewing machine and brightly confesses to him about her own hobby: cosplay. Because her sewing skills are pitiable, she decides to enlist his help.As Gojou and Kitagawa work together on one cosplay outfit after another, they cannot help but grow close—even though their lives are worlds apart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ten years after the events of xxxHOLiC Shunmuki, a melancholic Kimihiro Watanuki has taken over the shop formerly run by the mysterious Yuuko due to a promise he made to her. His companions Maru, Moro, and Mokona live together with him in relative contentment, and some familiar faces arrive every now and then: former rival turned-steadfast friend Shizuka Doumeki, and the former psychic prodigy Kohane Tsuyuri. While Kohane studies folklore under Doumeki at university, they encounter a case that is perfect for the master of the shop.Eventually, Watanuki receives a visit from Doumeki's grandfather, Haruka. He requests that Watanuki investigates his grandson's dreams. While inside the dream world, he discovers how their past adventures played out from Doumeki's perspective of view, leading Watanuki to discover truths from 10 years ago and secrets about the ties that bind their friendship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a mysterious night that seems to last for a year, an ordinary college student continues to chase one of his underclassmen, a girl with black hair—the girl of his dreams. Up until now, he has been relying on a simple plan, which is to calculatingly bump into her every day while making it seem like a meaningful coincidence. However, his efforts remain futile as their relationship is not progressing at all.Meanwhile, the black-haired girl believes that everything is connected by fate and endeavors to experience as many new things as possible, leaving it all for destiny to decide. While strolling along the lively streets of Kyoto, she discovers that the very beginning of her fateful journey—a book she had as a child—is currently being sold in a second-hand bookstore. Upon knowing this, the college student eyes another opportunity to run into her "by chance": this time, he hopes to get the book before she does and finally grasp the thread of fate that could connect their hearts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a quiet rural town, the spotlight of a local junior high school football team rests on one player: Ashito Aoi. Known for his unpredictable moves and self-centered playing style, Ashito is the sole powerhouse pushing his team through an important high school preliminary tournament. However, their win streak is short-lived—an opponent causes Ashito to lose his temper and act violently, resulting in his removal from the rest of the game.Without their star player, the team is quickly eliminated from the tournament. Just as he believes all hope is lost, Ashito is approached by a youth team coach named Tatsuya Fukuda who senses potential in him, and Fukuda invites him for tryouts in Tokyo. In an unfamiliar setting surrounded by talent, Ashito must bring out the best of his ability to prove himself and secure what could be a life-changing career.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During recess, Olivia, a foreign transfer student who doesn't know English, plays a game of "look-the-other-way" with Hanako Honda, a loud-mouthed airhead. Their rowdy behavior spurs the ire of Kasumi Nomura, a deadpan loner constantly teased by her older sister for her tendency to lose games. Not willing to compete, Kasumi declines Olivia's offer to join the fun, but eventually gets involved anyway and dispenses her own brand of mischief. Soon, a strange friendship blossoms between the peculiar trio, and they decide to form the "Pastime Club," where they are free to resume their daily hijinks. Whether it be failing to learn English, trying desperately to become popular, or getting caught by teachers at the wrong time, school life will never be boring when the girls of Asobi Asobase are up to their hilarious antics.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having won the 63rd National Sensha-dou tournament, the girls from Ooarai Girls Academy managed to prevent their school from closure by the Japanese Ministry of Education. However, new troubles loom on the horizon: a ministry official argues that the deal was not legally binding and that the Ooarai school carrier is to be decommissioned. Students and their families are frustrated with this injustice and overwhelmed with despair; it seems little can be done to save the school.Their last glimmer of hope is a proposed match against the All-Stars University Sensha-dou team, consisting of the most talented students from all over the country. Despite Ooarai being severely outnumbered and clearly outclassed, they accept the challenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Back from his journey across Japan, Yuuta Takemoto reminisces about his college life so far. He has matured significantly since his second year and is motivated to move forward.Feeling more confident than ever before, he finally confesses to Hagumi Hanamoto, the girl he has been in love with since their first encounter. However, Hagumi has been confused by her attempts to understand the mysterious Shinobu Morita. Hiding behind a playful demeanor, Morita may be the most burdened by his own potential. Meanwhile, Takumi Mayama has become a full-fledged working adult and has landed Ayumi Yamada several pottery orders through his company in an act of friendship.The five youths continue to face individual hardships in academics, work, love, and friendship as they push each other toward the paths that they are destined to walk.[Written by MAL Rewrite]From unraveling the secrets of opening and closing doors to defusing surprise packages more commonly known as bombs, there is never a dull day at the Hololive Production office! Holo no Graffiti follows an eccentric cast of Virtual YouTubers, also known as "VTubers," going about their absurd yet hilarious daily lives, detailing all their cute moments and mishaps.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the graduation ceremony at Katagiri High School comes to an end, Kyouko Hori, her boyfriend Izumi Miyamura, and their friends begin to look back on their time as students. The moments they shared together may be fleeting, but each one is a colorful piece of their precious memories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the battle with the Spiders, the search for Ging continues as Gon and Killua decided to once again attempt to purchase the rare game "Greed Island." However, Gon came up with a better plan, which was to volunteer to complete the game for the billionaire who owned it. But some training must be done, as Gon and Killua's abilities are still at a developing stage and "Greed Island" is no simple game for anyone to play with. It is the infamous game that could easily lead to one's death. Based on the manga by Togashi Yoshihiro.As a child, Moritaka Mashiro dreamt of becoming a mangaka, just like his childhood hero and uncle, Tarou Kawaguchi, creator of a popular gag manga. But when tragedy strikes, he gives up on his dream and spends his middle school days studying, aiming to become a salaryman instead.One day, his classmate Akito Takagi, the school's top student and aspiring writer, notices the detailed drawings in Moritaka's notebook. Seeing the vast potential of his artistic talent, Akito approaches Moritaka, proposing that they become mangaka together. After much convincing, Moritaka realizes that if he is able to create a popular manga series, he may be able to get the girl he has a crush on, Miho Azuki, to take part in the anime adaptation as a voice actor. Thus the pair begins creating manga under the pen name Muto Ashirogi, hoping to become the greatest mangaka in Japan, the likes of which no one has ever seen.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tatara Fujita is a shy middle schooler who has no particular plan for the future. He has gotten through life by avoiding any kind of confrontation and blending in with the crowd. But blending in isn't enough to get out of trouble, as some bullies harass him for money. Luckily, he is saved by a man named Kaname Sengoku.Kaname invites Tatara to his dance studio. Although he would normally never set foot in such a place, Tatara is captivated by Sengoku's commanding presence. Granted an opportunity to dance with fellow classmate Shizuku Hanaoka—who often practices at the studio—Tatara realizes there's something about the idea of being put in the limelight and dancing where people will see him that keeps him coming back. With an earnest, passionate drive to improve, Tatara begins his journey into the world of competitive dance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite their differences in position, three men—the youngest senior executive of the Port Mafia, Osamu Dazai; the lowest ranking member, Sakunosuke Oda; and the intelligence agent, Ango Sakaguchi—gather at the Lupin Bar at the end of the day to relax and take delight in the company of friends.However, one night, Ango disappears. A photograph taken at the bar is all that is left of the three together.Fast forward to the present, and Dazai is now a member of the Armed Detective Agency. The Guild, an American gifted organization, has entered the fray and is intent on taking the Agency's work permit. They must now divide their attention between the two groups, the Guild and the Port Mafia, who oppose their very existence.   [Written by MAL Rewrite]As a child, Chihaya Ayase had only one dream: to see her elder sister Chitose become Japan's most successful model. However, upon defending her ostracised classmate Arata Wataya from his bully—Chihaya's childhood friend Taichi Mashima—she discovers the world of competitive karuta and soon becomes enamoured with the sport.Based on the Ogura Hundred Poets anthology, this card game where poems are studied requires excellent memory, agility, and a tremendous endurance from the players. Full of hope, Chihaya joins the Shiranami Society together with the newly reconciled Arata and Taichi, embarking on an exciting journey for the title awarded to the top-ranked female player—Queen of Karuta.Since middle school, Chihaya grew distant from a dispassionate Taichi and separated from Arata. However, in order to improve her skills, Chihaya decides to create a karuta club in her high school. With the help of Taichi, another veteran player, and a few spirited newcomers, Chihaya's new-founded Mizusawa Karuta Club aims for victory in the Omi Shrine's national championship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the Chosen Children and their partner Digimon live happily together in the human world, Taichi Yagami and Yamato Ishida, alongside their friends, dedicate themselves to maintaining this hard-earned peace. Though united by this innate responsibility, each one has already started to take their first steps toward a future beyond being a Chosen Child. However, this new journey is interrupted by the appearance of Menoa Bellucci, an American professor specializing in Digimon research. She bears news of several Chosen Children from around the world being found comatose, with their partner Digimon nowhere to be found. Menoa's investigations indicate that a new breed of Digimon is behind the alarming phenomenon: Eosmon, who hides within the internet's depths. To succeed in this mission, the team must endeavor through the growing distance between them and band together one last time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Five years after winning the World Martial Arts tournament, Gokuu is now living a peaceful life with his wife and son. This changes, however, with the arrival of a mysterious enemy named Raditz who presents himself as Gokuu's long-lost brother. He reveals that Gokuu is a descendant of the once powerful but now virtually extinct Saiyan race, whose homeworld was annihilated. When he was sent to Earth as a baby, Gokuu's sole purpose was to conquer and destroy the planet; but after suffering amnesia from a head injury, his violent and savage nature changed, and instead was raised as a kind and well-mannered boy, now fighting to protect others.With his failed attempt at forcibly recruiting Gokuu as an ally, Raditz warns Gokuu's friends of a new threat that's rapidly approaching Earth—one that could plunge Earth into an intergalactic conflict and cause the heavens themselves to shake. A war will soon be fought over the seven mystical Dragon Balls, magic objects that can grant any wish. Only the strongest will survive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Holy Grail War is a battle royale among seven magi who serve as Masters. Masters, through the use of the command seals they are given when they enter the war, command Heroic Spirits known as Servants to fight for them in battle. In the Fifth Holy Grail War, Rin Toosaka is among the magi entering the competition. With her Servant, Archer, she hopes to obtain the ultimate prize—the Holy Grail, a magical artifact capable of granting its wielder any wish.One of Rin's classmates, Shirou Emiya, accidentally enters the competition and ends up commanding a Servant of his own known as Saber. As they find themselves facing mutual enemies, Rin and Shirou decide to form a temporary alliance as they challenge their opponents in the Holy Grail War. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the Little Busters after they lost their first baseball game, the team decides to have a pancake party. It has been almost one semester since the return of Kyousuke Natsume. As usual, Riki Naoe continues to help the Little Busters' members—both old and new—with confronting their inner struggles. However, strange happenings begin to occur, leading Rin Natsume and Riki closer to unraveling the truth behind the "secret of this world."Little do Rin and Rikki know, their discovery will end up changing the peaceful everyday lives created by the Little Busters once and for all. Little Busters!: Refrain brings a conclusion to the colorful stories of its ensemble cast—forged with the weight of emotions and strengthened with the bond of friendship—as they come to terms with their regrets and weaknesses.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In ancient Disboard, Riku is an angry, young warrior intent on saving humanity from the warring Exceed, the 16 sentient species, fighting to establish the One True God among the Old Deus. In a lawless land, humanity's lack of magic and weak bodies have made them easy targets for the other Exceed, leaving the humans on the brink of extinction. One day, however, hope returns to humanity when Riku finds a powerful female Ex-Machina, whom he names Schwi, in an abandoned elf city. Exiled from her Cluster because of her research into human emotions, Schwi is convinced that humanity has only survived due to the power of these feelings and is determined to understand the human heart. Forming an unlikely partnership in the midst of the overwhelming chaos, Riku and Schwi must now find the answers to their individual shortcomings in each other, and discover for themselves what it truly means to be human as they fight for their lives together against all odds. Each with a powerful new ally in tow, it is now up to them to prevent the extinction of the human race and establish peace throughout Disboard.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Far from the hustle and bustle of urban life, and with only a single candy store and bus route to its name, the rural Asahigaoka is certainly not a place for everyone. Nevertheless, the village's children still manage to cheerfully spend their days exploring and having fun in the wilderness around them. One such child, Renge Miyauchi, the youngest of the group, looks forward to the entrance ceremony of the upcoming school year, signalling her entry into first grade and the beginning of her elementary school life. Attending the only school in town, Renge and her friends, seventh grader Natsumi Koshigaya and her eighth grade sister Komari, make the most out of their rural lifestyle, playing and studying everyday.Meanwhile, fifth grader Hotaru Ichijou has just moved to Asahigaoka from Tokyo, unaware of the numerous adventures and memories that await her. [Written by MAL Rewrite]After reminiscing about his late grandmother, Nobita Nobi wishes to see her again and asks Doraemon to return them to the past. Following the wholesome reunion of the two, Nobita's grandmother confesses that she hopes to meet his future bride. Nobita accepts her request out of filial love and quickly scrambles into the time machine as he and Doraemon journey forward in time.However, when the duo warps to Nobita's wedding day, they discover that the future Nobita is missing from the ceremony! Determined to set things right, Doraemon and Nobita embark on a mission to search for Nobita's future self and encourage him to discover the happiness he deserves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During the late 19th century, Great Britain has become the greatest empire the world has ever known. Hidden within its success, the nation's rigid economic hierarchy dictates the value of one's life solely on status and wealth. To no surprise, the system favors the aristocracy at the top and renders it impossible for the working class to ascend the ranks.William James Moriarty, the second son of the Moriarty household, lives as a regular noble while also being a consultant for the common folk to give them a hand and solve their problems. However, deep inside him lies a desire to destroy the current structure that dominates British society and those who benefit from it. Alongside his brothers Albert and Louis, William will do anything it takes to change the filthy world he lives in—even if blood must be spilled.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Akari Mizunashi continues her training to become a Prima Undine (a professional tour guide gondolier) along with her friends Aika and Alice in the peaceful city of Neo Venezia. Despite the fact that these three girls are from competing companies, they are constantly together, learning more about how to become better tour guides and more about the mysteries of Neo Venezia.As the group continues to meet interesting and unforgettable people through their daily routines, they will also come closer to the secrets that make the enigmatic and ever beautiful city of Neo Venezia so warm and alive.Welcome back to Neo Venezia: the city where miracles can be created by hand.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rokurou "Rock" Okajima has joined the Lagoon Company, a pirate mercenary group which operates out of Roanapur, Thailand. Despite his initial protests, this filthy slum of depraved souls and merciless criminals now serves as the former salaryman's home. Stranded, with nothing left of his past life but the clothes on his back and his inner morality, Rock is forced to perform jobs alongside the other members of the Lagoon crew. Berated for his lack of spine as he wades through the underbelly of society, he must decide whether to continue on amidst the gunfire and ruthlessness or risk everything he has in an attempt to be free. Whether he chooses the comfort of a familiar land or the freedom of being an outlaw, his decision will have lasting consequences on the crew who gave him a home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ten-year-old Sakura Kinomoto is an ordinary fourth-grade student living in Tomoeda until, one day, she stumbles upon a mysterious book of cards titled "The Clow." Pondering over her discovery, she unintentionally causes a magical gust of wind to scatter the cards all over town.The accident awakens the Beast of the Seal—Keroberos, nicknamed "Kero"—who tells Sakura that she has released the mystical "Clow Cards" created by the sorcerer Clow Reed. Due to each Card's ability to act independently and their incredible power, Clow had sealed them away. Now that they have been set free, the Cards pose great danger to the world, and it is up to Sakura to put an end to them.Appointing Sakura as the "Cardcaptor" and granting her the Sealed Key, Kero tasks her with finding and recapturing all the Clow Cards. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, and with Kero's guidance, Sakura must learn to balance her new secret duty with the everyday troubles as she takes flight on her magical adventures as Cardcaptor Sakura.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Now that brains and brawns have united forces, the next step in Senkuu's plan to unravel the mystery behind the green light that once petrified humanity is to go to the other side of the Earth and investigate its origin. However, to achieve this, Senkuu must first build a ship.With the help of Tsukasa Shishiou's former underlings, the base of the ship is rapidly assembled, but there is one missing piece: a skilled captain. During their search, Senkuu and his crew come across a petrified Ryuusui Nanami—the heir of the biggest maritime conglomerate, known for his vast knowledge of sailboats but unpleasant personality. Despite this, Senkuu takes the risk and revives Ryuusui.Ryuusui, upon realizing there are no ownership rights in this new civilization, is excited at the prospect of claiming everything for himself. But before he agrees to play a crucial part in their upcoming journey and command the vessel through the restless seas, he and Senkuu must find the king of fuels to power the ship—oil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Forty-one years ago on Planet Vegeta, home of the infamous Saiyan warrior race, King Vegeta noticed a baby named Broly whose latent power exceeded that of his own son. Believing that Broly's power would one day surpass that of his child, Vegeta, the king sends Broly to the desolate planet Vampa. Broly's father Paragus follows after him, intent on rescuing his son. However, his ship gets damaged, causing the two to spend years trapped on the barren world, unaware of the salvation that would one day come from an unlikely ally.Years later on Earth, Gokuu Son and Prince Vegeta—believed to be the last survivors of the Saiyan race—are busy training on a remote island. But their sparring is interrupted when the appearance of their old enemy Frieza drives them to search for the last of the wish-granting Dragon Balls on a frozen continent. Once there, Frieza shows off his new allies: Paragus and the now extremely powerful Broly. A legendary battle that shakes the foundation of the world ensues as Gokuu and Vegeta face off against Broly, a warrior without equal whose rage is just waiting to be unleashed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the small village of Hinamizawa, Rika Furude and her friends live together in relative harmony. Beneath this mask of peace, however, lies a hidden darkness, one that Rika understands all too well. In this eternal summer, she has been witness to unspeakable horrors. Every time the clock resets, Rika must try to find the villain behind these senseless deaths before tragedy strikes again. However, trying to decipher a mystery when only half the clues are present proves time and again to be disastrous, and each time she believes that things will change, she inevitably fails. As the annual festival approaches, Rika begins her descent from hope to despair in her struggle to break the chains of fate entangling them all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takumi Fujiwara finally joins Ryousuke and Keisuke Takahashi to create "Project D." Their goal is twofold: Ryousuke wants to develop his "High-Speed Street Racing Theory," while Keisuke and Takumi aim at improving their driving skills by facing powerful opponents on dangerous roads. The idea of Project D is to challenge street racing teams from other prefectures to improve both their uphill and downhill records. In order to attract the attention of the best racing teams, Ryousuke creates a dedicated website to announce the future battles of Project D and post the team's results.The fourth season of Initial D details the hardships and successes of the members of Project D as they try to become the best street racing team outside of Gunma Prefecture.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Accumulating an impressive series of victories with his AE86, Takumi Fujiwara has imposed himself as street racing's newest rising star. However, his newly found confidence of winning at his home turf of Mount Akina has been put in jeopardy by a new Emperor team exclusively using a car model favored by most professional racing pilots: the Mitsubishi four-wheel drive Lancer Evolutions—also known as Lan Evos. The Emperor team leader, Kyouichi Sudou, looks down on Takumi and regards him as an inferior pilot for driving an antique car that lacks the makings of a true modern race car. Kyouichi's elitist philosophy is also the reason why his team is only made of Lan Evo drivers.Will Takumi be able to keep his perfect track record intact against the highly skilled and mechanically superior Emperor team, or does his hot streak end here?[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the new year, which means that the senior members of the Light Music Club are now third-years, with Azusa Nakano being the only second-year. The seniors soon realize that Azusa will be the only member left once they graduate and decide to recruit new members. Despite trying many methods of attracting underclassmen—handing out fliers, bringing people into the clubroom, and performing at the welcoming ceremony—there are no signs of anyone that plans to join.While heading to the clubroom, Azusa overhears Yui Hirasawa say that the club is fine with only five people and that they can do many fun things together. Changing her mind, she decides that they do not need to recruit any members for the time being. K-On!! revolves around the members of the Light Music Club as they experience their daily high school life. From rehearsing for concerts to just messing around, they are ready to make their last year together an exciting one![Written by MAL Rewrite]What was the tragedy that decided the fates of Char Aznable, the man later nicknamed the "Red Comet" as an ace pilot of the Zeon forces, and his sister Sayla Mass?The two siblings' journeys, brought on by the sudden death of their father Zeon Zum Deikun who was a leader of the Spacenoids, are depicted in the four episodes of "Chronicle of Char and Sayla."The Zabi family who seize control of Side 3 and lead the Principality of Zeon, the early days of many renowned Zeon ace pilots who later fight in the One Year War, the secrets of mobile suit development, conflicts with the Earth Federation Forces, and the road leading to the outbreak of war—all will be revealed.(Source: Official Website)The number of terrorist acts in Japan has never been lower, thanks to the efforts of a syndicate called Direct Attack (DA). The organization raises orphaned girls as killers to carry out assassinations under their "Lycoris" program. Takina Inoue is an exceptional Lycoris with a strong sense of purpose and a penchant for perfection. Unfortunately, a hostage situation tests her patience, and the resulting act of insubordination leads to her transfer out of DA. Not thrilled about losing the only place she belonged to, she reluctantly arrives at her new base of operations—LycoReco, a cafe in disguise.Takina's new partner, however, turns out to be quite different from what she imagined. Despite being the famed Lycoris prodigy, Chisato Nishikigi appears almost unconcerned with her duties. She drags Takina along on all kinds of odd jobs under the simple explanation of helping people in need. Takina is even more puzzled when Chisato takes down a group of armed assailants without killing any of them. Feeling like a fish out of water, Takina itches to get reinstated into DA—but Chisato is determined to prove to her that there is more to a life than just taking them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The movie is a compilation of episodes 1-8 of the 2017 television series with new scenes added for the introduction. It covers the period from when Riko descends into the Abyss with her robot companion Reg, reaching the second layer where they meet the White Whistle Ozen who reveals information about Riko's mother.(Source: Wikipedia)Shinichi Kudou, a high school student of astounding talent in detective work, is well known for having solved several challenging cases. One day, when Shinichi spots two suspicious men and decides to follow them, he inadvertently becomes witness to a disturbing illegal activity. Unfortunately, he is caught in the act, so the men dose him with an experimental drug formulated by their criminal organization, leaving him to his death. However, to his own astonishment, Shinichi lives to see another day, but now in the body of a seven-year-old child.Perfectly preserving his original intelligence, he hides his real identity from everyone, including his childhood friend Ran Mouri and her father, private detective Kogorou Mouri. To this end, he takes on the alias of Conan Edogawa, inspired by the mystery writers Arthur Conan Doyle and Ranpo Edogawa.Detective Conan follows Shinichi who, as Conan, starts secretly solving the senior Mouri's cases from behind the scenes with his still exceptional sleuthing skills, while covertly investigating the organization responsible for his current state, hoping to reverse the drug's effects someday.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nanami Momozono, current land god of Mikage Shrine, and her fox familiar Tomoe have faced many obstacles during their time together, but none so challenging as the one posed by the wealth god Ookuninushi—if Tomoe's wish to be human is granted, he must learn to live as one, and Nanami will have to return to being a human.As the couple look to the future and reflect on their former adventures, Nanami tries to figure out their new living situation as her high school graduation approaches. But no matter the path they choose to walk, Tomoe and Nanami's love will endure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ishi OkoshiWhile searching for Nyanko-sensei, Takashi Natsume encounters meek and small-looking youkai Mitsumi. Mitsumi was entrusted by his leader Gantetsu, a powerful and strong ayakashi, to be the year's "Ishi Okoshi," whose role consists of waking him from his deep slumber. Seeing how much Mitsumi wants to prove himself as Gantetsu's worthy servant, Natsume decides to help him fulfill his task. However, time is running out—for they are not the only ones who want to awaken the divine being.Ayashiki RaihoushaOne day, Natsume's friend Kaname Tanuma is visited by a strange man. In the subsequent days, the visitor briefly talks with Tanuma and leaves. Natsume soon discovers that the outsider is a youkai disguised as a human, who claims to bear no danger. Despite trusting the youkai, Tanuma's health slowly begins to deteriorate, causing Natsume to become more suspicious of the interloper. What is the truth of his sudden appearance and his connection with Tanuma?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haruhi Fujioka is a studious girl who has recently enrolled at the prestigious Ouran Academy. One day, while looking for a quiet and peaceful place to study, she stumbles across a seemingly unused music room. Upon entering, Haruhi is welcomed by the members of the well-known Host Club: a club in which attractive boys amuse girls from across the entire school. However, when Tamaki Suou—the founder and president of the club—startles the bright scholarship student, she accidentally breaks an expensive vase.With repayment looking difficult for Haruhi, the Host Club members come up with the perfect solution to the girl's problem: work for the club and ultimately become a Host herself! Mistaken for a boy by her peers, Haruhi has to entertain various female students while coping with her fellow Hosts' extravagant personalities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The final movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.Animation studio Gainax presented a website for the release of a movie adaptation of the Tengen Toppa Gurren Lagann TV series in the fall of 2008. Both the original director and series script editor will return to work on the new project. Gainax will also be hosting four events to celebrate this occasion at this year's Tokyo International Anime Fair, featuring voice actors from the anime.The Daihasei Festival has begun, and that of course means that Tokiwadai Middle School—a prestigious all-girls' middle school—is competing too. Despite the participation of the "Ace of Tokiwadai," Mikoto Misaka, the other students who are participating are still putting their utmost effort into winning, no matter how impossible the feat may seem against her overwhelming might.However, not all is fun and games. Due to the festival, Academy City opens to the outside world, and various factions have begun plotting ways to infiltrate the city. Misaka appears to be on their radar, and as the festival proceeds, people lurking from the shadows begin to emerge...Toaru Kagaku no Railgun T brings back the Tokiwadai Ace and her friends as they dive deeper into the dark side of Academy City. From terrorist attacks to ruthless underground projects, anything is possible in this city.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japan, 1988. An explosion caused by a young boy with psychic powers tears through the city of Tokyo and ignites the fuse that leads to World War III. In order to prevent any further destruction, he is captured and taken into custody, never to be heard from again. Now, in the year 2019, a restored version of the city known as Neo-Tokyo—an area rife with gang violence and terrorism against the current government—stands in its place. Here, Shoutarou Kaneda leads "the Capsules," a group of misfits known for riding large, custom motorcycles and being in constant conflict with their rivals "the Clowns."During one of these battles, Shoutarou's best friend Tetsuo Shima is caught up in an accident with an esper who finds himself in the streets of Tokyo after escaping confinement from a government institution. Through this encounter, Tetsuo begins to develop his own mysterious abilities, as the government seeks to quarantine this latest psychic in a desperate attempt to prevent him from unleashing the destructive power that could once again bring the city to its knees.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Senkuu has made it his goal to bring back two million years of human achievement and revive the entirety of those turned to statues. However, one man stands in his way: Tsukasa Shishiou, who believes that only the fittest of those petrified should be revived.As the snow melts and spring approaches, Senkuu and his allies in Ishigami Village finish the preparations for their attack on the Tsukasa Empire. With a reinvented cell phone model now at their disposal, the Kingdom of Science is ready to launch its newest scheme to recruit the sizable numbers of Tsukasa's army to their side. However, it is a race against time; for every day the Kingdom of Science spends perfecting their inventions, the empire rapidly grows in number.Reuniting with old friends and gaining new allies, Senkuu and the Kingdom of Science must stop Tsukasa's forces in order to fulfill their goal of restoring humanity and all its creations. With the two sides each in pursuit of their ideal world, the Stone Wars have now begun![Written by MAL Rewrite]The Holy Grail War: a violent battle between mages in which seven masters and their summoned servants fight for the Holy Grail, a magical artifact that can grant the victor any wish. Nearly 10 years ago, the final battle of the Fourth Holy Grail War wreaked havoc on Fuyuki City and took over 500 lives, leaving the city devastated. Shirou Emiya, a survivor of this tragedy, aspires to become a hero of justice like his rescuer and adoptive father, Kiritsugu Emiya. Despite only being a student, Shirou is thrown into the Fifth Holy Grail War when he accidentally sees a battle between servants at school and summons his own servant, Saber. When a mysterious shadow begins a murderous spree in Fuyuki City, Shirou aligns himself with Rin Toosaka, a fellow participant in the Holy Grail War, in order to stop the deaths of countless people. However, Shirou's feelings for his close friend Sakura Matou lead him deeper into the dark secrets surrounding the war and the feuding families involved.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Marquis Reinhard von Lohengramm's plot to destabilize the Free Planets Alliance succeeds when the treacherous former Rear Admiral Arthur Lynch instigates a coup on Heinessen. Equipped with a plan crafted by Reinhard himself, Lynch encourages his longtime friend Admiral Dwight Greenhill to supervise the National Salvation Military Council's toppling of the civilian government. Seeking to defend democracy and restore the Alliance constitution, Admiral Yang Wen-li faces off against his fellow citizens—and, regrettably, the father of his devoted adjutant Lieutenant Frederica Greenhill.Now with the Free Planets Alliance thoroughly occupied with their own internal matters, the forces of the Galactic Empire can safely suppress the newly formed Lippstadt League led by Duke Otto von Braunschweig. However, with his friend and loyal subordinate High Admiral Siegfried Kircheis fighting far away in the noble-controlled frontier regions, Reinhard increasingly relies on the advice of the ruthless Vice Admiral Paul von Oberstein, whose influence within the esteemed Lohengramm admiralty steadily grows.Though bloodshed is inevitable on both sides of the galaxy, Yang Wen-li of the Alliance and Reinhard von Lohengramm of the Empire each ask themselves the same questions: how will history look back on their actions? Will the ends justify the means?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the events of the Inter-High, the Karasuno High School volleyball team decides to regroup by attending an intensive boot camp organized by Nekoma High School in Tokyo. At the camp, the team continues to suffer loss upon loss to the other schools in attendance. Reaching an impasse, the players each struggle to break out of their routine to hone their skills. For the team's setter-and-ace duo Shouyou Hinata and Tobio Kageyama, the frustrations cause them to falter more than anyone else. While Hinata develops his own playstyle, his recklessness leads him to fall out of sync with Kageyama's sets and earns his partner's ire instead. As they search for an answer to their woes, the two find what they are lacking from two unlikely people. Will it be enough for the team to overcome their rut?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After death, either Heaven or Hell awaits most humans. But for a select few, death brings them to Quindecim—a bar where only pairs of people who die at the same time can enter. Attending the bar is an enigmatic figure known as Decim, who also acts as the arbiter. He passes judgment on those who wind up at Quindecim by challenging them to a life-threatening game. These games determine if the patron's soul will reincarnate into a new life, or be sent into the void, never to be seen again.From darts and bowling to fighting games, the true nature of each patron slowly comes to light as they wager their souls. Though his methods remain unchanged, the sudden appearance of a black-haired amnesiac causes Decim to reevaluate his own rulings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the ambitious Ryuusui Nanami on board, Senkuu Ishigami and his team are almost ready to sail the seas and reach the other side of the world—where the bizarre green light that petrified humanity originated. Thanks to the revival of a skillful chef, enough food is being prepared for the entire crew, and the incredible reinvention of the GPS promises to ensure safety on the open sea.Preparations for the upcoming journey progress swimmingly until Senkuu receives an eerie message from a mysterious source. More driven than ever, the scientist sets out to explore the new world and discover what it can offer for his scientific cause. Though the uncharted territories may hide unkind surprises, Senkuu, with a little help from science, is ready to take on any challenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Joelle Davidovich Pomponette, better known as simply "Pompo," is an extremely talented movie producer, having inherited her grandfather's connections and cinematic eye. Despite her promising outlook, Pompo refuses to produce anything other than trashy B-movies. That is, until she hands her assistant, Gene Fini, a script for an ambitious screenplay about the life of a composer and announces that he has earned his first directorial credit.Determined to make the film shine, Gene throws himself completely into his work. However, with an overwhelming workload and a deadline only days away, the aspiring director struggles with what must be sacrificed in the name of creation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following their performance at the Black or White event, the idol group IDOLiSH7 is at the height of its popularity, with offers for various concerts and work coming in every day, much to the joy of the seven boys and their manager. However, as their fame continues to rise, Riku Nanase's health begins worsening due to the heavy workload.With the gigantic idol duo Re:vale showing interest in the group and the reopening event of the Zero Arena coming up, IDOLiSH7: Second Beat follows IDOLiSH7 as they not only struggle to adapt to the challenges of the idol life but also to face their personal troubles, all while continuously meeting the expectations of their treasured fans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Akihito Kanbara reunites with Mirai Kuriyama—whom he believed had vanished after defeating Beyond the Boundary—he discovers a heartbreaking fact: Mirai has lost all memory of him, their friends, and her past as a Spirit Warrior. Akihito is utterly devastated, but realizes that she has a unique opportunity. Mirai can finally live the life of a normal girl—where she'll be completely devoid of the supernatural society that both shunned and used her. While it's all for the sake of Mirai's happiness, the price is costly—Akihito and his friends must keep her true origins a secret from her, and as a result avoid befriending her. However, the troubling memories of Mirai's old life gradually begin to resurface, and a mysterious new evil leads a group of shadow-like creatures into the city with the goal of seeking her out. As the situations become dire, Akihito must fight to protect himself, his closest friends, and Mirai—the bespectacled beauty he holds most dear. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Arsene Lupin III discovers that the spoils from his latest casino robbery are actually "Gothic Bills," legendary counterfeits that are nigh impossible to distinguish from genuine bills. Together with colleague Daisuke Jigen, he heads to the small nation of Cagliostro to investigate the origin of these counterfeits. Upon arrival, they save a girl from a high-speed chase who turns out to be Clarisse d' Cagliostro, the daughter of the late Duke d' Cagliostro. She is running from a sinister plot by Count Cagliostro to steal her family's treasure through a forced marriage.Natural flirt Lupin dislikes seeing a girl in distress and seeks to remedy the situation. Goemon Ishikawa XIII, Fujiko Mine, and Kouichi Zenigata also join the fray, each with their own motivations. As everyone converges at Cagliostro Castle, Lupin reminisces about his visit there 10 years ago, and the castle's secrets emerge from the depths.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirteen years after achieving major success with the Indiana Hornets, Gorou Honda's career as a pitcher ended abruptly after sustaining a horrible injury. Inspired by his father, who continued playing baseball despite major setbacks, Gorou plans to restart his baseball career and play in a new position. However, his strong dedication to train has puzzled his family, especially his young daughter Izumi, who is frustrated with the absence of her father from her lives. Faced by another tough obstacle, Gorou once again decides to prove his resolve through his beloved sport.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Beginning her academic journey as a first grader, Shiori comes face to face with the aspect of school she has heard alarming rumors about—homework! However, her worries quickly turn into excitement as the Asahigaoka girls agree to work together to complete their assignments at Komari and Natsumi Koshigaya's house. Their plan appears to be successful until an all-too-familiar feeling of procrastination creates a rowdy distraction for Natsumi.On another day, Natsumi asks her teacher Kazuho Miyauchi if she can form and lead a new badminton school club. While the lack of funding and equipment proves to be a major setback, it does not stop Natsumi and the other girls from asking the candy store owner Kaede Kagayama for some help. During their spontaneous badminton practice, a minor accident leads Kaede to reminisce about a memorable day when she babysat Renge Miyauchi.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yato and Yukine have finally mended their relationship as god and Regalia. As a minor and unknown deity, Yato continues to take odd jobs for five yen apiece in hopes of one day having millions of worshippers and his own grand shrine. He has yet to fix Hiyori Iki's loose soul, but she cheerily prepares for high school nonetheless.While things are seemingly back to normal, the complicated history between Yato and Bishamon—goddess of war and warriors—resurfaces. Bishamon holds a mysterious old grudge against Yato, which results in violent clashes between them. To further complicate matters, Bishamon's most trusted Regalia, Kazuma, is indebted to Yato. When lives are on the line, unraveling these secrets is possibly the only way to correct mistakes of the past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a fairy tale come to life, the clumsy, sweet, and gentle Ahiru seems like an unlikely protagonist. In reality, Ahiru is just as magical as the talking cats and crocodiles that inhabit her town—for Ahiru really is a duck! Transformed by the mysterious Drosselmeyer into a human girl, Ahiru soon learns the reason for her existence. Using her magical egg-shaped pendant, Ahiru can transform into Princess Tutu—a beautiful and talented ballet dancer whose dances relieve people of the turmoil in their hearts. With her newfound ability, Ahiru accepts the challenge of collecting the lost shards of her prince's heart, for long ago he had shattered it in order to seal an evil raven away for all eternity.Princess Tutu is a tale of heroes and their struggle against fate. Their beliefs, their feelings, and ultimately their actions will determine whether this fairy tale can reach its "happily ever after."[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world where memories exist in memory chips separate from the body, death of the body no longer means death of the soul. It is possible for memories to be viewed, altered, and transferred between bodies. These memory chips are used by the rich to obtain eternal lives in carefully selected bodies, while for the poor, selling their own bodies and conserving their souls in the chips often become the only way to earn a living. An electrolytic cloud in the sky serves as a barrier between the heavens of the fortunate and the underworld of the destitute, making this social division impregnable. One day, a man named Kaiba wakes up in an empty room with no memories, a mysterious hole in his chest, and a locket holding the picture of an unknown woman. After escaping an attack and stumbling upon a decrepit village of underworld residents, he begins his adventure across the different planets of this strange universe to find out more about his own identity and the woman he once knew.Through a journey of self-discovery and acceptance, Kaiba weaves together tales of souls and spirits and explores the importance of memories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Genius thief Arsene Lupin III—along with the usual crew of Goemon Ishikawa XIII, Fujiko Mine, and Daisuke Jigen—finds himself in modern-day France, where he encounters both new and old adversaries, with Inspector Kouichi Zenigata still hot on his trail. As they steal from darker, more sinister entities, they will also have to find a way to deal with the newest technology in their escapades, as well as face the ghosts of their pasts. However, this time, Lupin's choices begin to catch up with him as his pursuers use every tool at their disposal to take him down once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Several months have passed since the Jewel Seed incident, and Nanoha Takamachi is getting ready to welcome Fate Testarossa back from her trial with the Administrative Bureau. Having received conditional clemency for her role in preventing the crisis, Fate has been allowed to attend school with Nanoha. However, before the two girls can settle into their daily lives together, a group of dark mages suddenly descend upon them. Overpowered by their unknown assailants, Nanoha and Fate have their mana absorbed by an ominous grimoire, and both Raising Heart and Bardiche are damaged in the process.The ones behind this ambush are known as the Wolkenritter, and its four members—Vita, Signum, Shamal, and the familiar Zafila—were summoned by the Book of Darkness to carry out its malignant bidding. The book's current owner is the young girl Hayate Yagami, oblivious to its true nature while the Wolkenritter, charging its power with the forcibly stolen mana, is duty-bound to seek the tome's completion.Left drained and weaponless, Nanoha and Fate must race against time to recover their strength and confront the Wolkenritter, with the aim of preventing the quartet from finishing the Book of Darkness and unleashing its devastating magic upon the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Surviving a vampire attack, meeting several girls plagued by supernatural entities, and just trying to get through life are some of the things high school student Koyomi Araragi has had to deal with lately. On top of all this, he wakes up one morning to find himself kidnapped and tied up by his girlfriend Hitagi Senjougahara. Having run afoul of Deishuu Kaiki, a swindler who conned Senjougahara's family, she has taken it upon herself to imprison Araragi to keep him safe from the con man. But when Araragi gets a frantic message from his sister Karen, he learns that the fraud has set his sights on her.Along with Karen's troubles, his other sister, Tsukihi, is having issues of her own. And when two mysterious women who seem to know more than they should about Araragi and his special group of friends step into their lives, not even he could anticipate their true goals, nor the catastrophic truths soon to be revealed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinichi Chiaki conquers his fear of flying, and Megumi "Nodame" Noda's exceptional performance at a piano competition earns her an invitation to study at the prestigious Conservatoire de Paris. The pair go to Paris together to take the next step in their careers: Chiaki as a new rising conductor under the wing of the great maestro Franz von Stresemann, and Nodame as a pupil of the esteemed piano professor Charles Auclair.But, of course, the music world is much bigger than the two of them could have ever imagined. Chiaki and Nodame, alongside old friends and new rivals, must fight and persevere to reach the dazzling musical heights that await them while never losing sight of what matters most.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Zhuge Kongming earned a reputation as one of the greatest tacticians of the Three Kingdoms period of third-century China. Having led his army through countless grueling victories, Kongming falls gravely ill during the Battle of Wuzhang Plains. The weariness and regret stemming from the seemingly never-ending war catch up to him, and as he draws his final breath, Kongming wishes that if he were to reincarnate, he would be reborn in a more peaceful era.His wish comes true, and Kongming wakes up in modern-day Tokyo with a younger body and his memories intact. Thrust into an unfamiliar world, he finds his way into a nightclub and meets Eiko Tsukimi, an aspiring singer whose performance immediately captivates him. Pitying his confusion, Eiko takes Kongming under her wing and teaches him about the current world, which leads to Kongming's interest in contemporary music. Seeing Eiko's immense musical potential, Kongming vows to make the world recognize her and soon takes on the role of her manager.Unsurprisingly, the music industry is unforgiving to those who make even the slightest mistakes. Still, Kongming is determined to accomplish his goals—even if he must utilize the war stratagems he famously used in his previous life![Written by MAL Rewrite]Asta and Yuno were abandoned at the same church on the same day. Raised together as children, they came to know of the "Wizard King"—a title given to the strongest mage in the kingdom—and promised that they would compete against each other for the position of the next Wizard King. However, as they grew up, the stark difference between them became evident. While Yuno is able to wield magic with amazing power and control, Asta cannot use magic at all and desperately tries to awaken his powers by training physically.When they reach the age of 15, Yuno is bestowed a spectacular Grimoire with a four-leaf clover, while Asta receives nothing. However, soon after, Yuno is attacked by a person named Lebuty, whose main purpose is to obtain Yuno's Grimoire. Asta tries to fight Lebuty, but he is outmatched. Though without hope and on the brink of defeat, he finds the strength to continue when he hears Yuno's voice. Unleashing his inner emotions in a rage, Asta receives a five-leaf clover Grimoire, a "Black Clover" giving him enough power to defeat Lebuty. A few days later, the two friends head out into the world, both seeking the same goal—to become the Wizard King![Written by MAL Rewrite]Since the night of "given's" first live performance, the relationship between Mafuyu Satou and Ritsuka Uenoyama has been smooth sailing. Their shared love of music reinforces their bond, and every moment spent together makes them more inseparable. Nevertheless, there will come times when they will suffer setbacks, with both of them consumed by their inner turmoil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The race to obtain the lost Ainu gold is nearing its peak, as even more formidable ex-prisoners are set on keeping their tattooed skins intact. Saichi "The Immortal" Sugimoto and Asirpa can finally move forward together, but Asirpa's time with Kiroranke and Ogata Hyakunosuke has slightly altered her ambition and strengthened her determination. As their party leaves the Russian territory, they gain a peculiar follower.Meanwhile, Toshizou Hijikata's crew makes major moves to get invaluable skins, falling into the poisonous trap of a dangerous convict. Although each group possesses a strong advantage over the others, even First Lieutenant Tokushirou Tsurumi—the most powerful and ruthless contender—cannot advance without Asirpa's help. However, his ominous plans for when they will inevitably meet remain a mystery.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Souma Yukihira has been cooking alongside his father Jouichirou for as long as he can remember. As a sous chef at his father's restaurant, he has spent years developing his culinary expertise and inventing new dishes to amaze their customers. He aspires to exceed his father's skill and take over the restaurant one day, but he is shocked to learn that Jouichirou is closing up the shop to take a job in New York.Rather than tagging along with his father, Souma finds himself enrolling at the prestigious Tootsuki Culinary Academy, where only 10 percent of its students end up graduating. The school is famous for its "Shokugeki"—intense cooking competitions between students often used to settle debates and arguments. Jouichirou tells Souma that to surpass him and survive the next three years at Tootsuki and graduate there.The academy's brutal curriculum and fiercely competitive student body await the young chef, who must learn to navigate the treacherous environment if he wants to stand a chance at realizing his dreams. But is skill alone enough to let him rise to the top?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirty-seven-year-old Satoru Mikami is a typical corporate worker, who is perfectly content with his monotonous lifestyle in Tokyo, other than failing to nail down a girlfriend even once throughout his life. In the midst of a casual encounter with his colleague, he falls victim to a random assailant on the streets and is stabbed. However, while succumbing to his injuries, a peculiar voice echoes in his mind, and recites a bunch of commands which the dying man cannot make sense of.When Satoru regains consciousness, he discovers that he has reincarnated as a goop of slime in an unfamiliar realm. In doing so, he acquires newfound skills—notably, the power to devour anything and mimic its appearance and abilities. He then stumbles upon the sealed Catastrophe-level monster "Storm Dragon" Veldora who had been sealed away for the past 300 years for devastating a town to ashes. Sympathetic to his predicament, Satoru befriends him, promising to assist in destroying the seal. In return, Veldora bestows upon him the name Rimuru Tempest to grant him divine protection. Now, liberated from the mundanities of his past life, Rimuru embarks on a fresh journey with a distinct goal in mind. As he grows accustomed to his new physique, his gooey antics ripple throughout the world, gradually altering his fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The light-hearted Working!! franchise comes to a close in this final episode of the concluding season. Will Aoi Yamada get the closure she so desperately needs with her distant mother? Will the relationship between Yachiyo Todoroki and Jun Satou continue to remain stagnant and awkward? Perhaps even Souta Takanashi and Mahiru Inami will take a step forward in deepening their eccentric friendship. And in the end, Wagnaria Restaurant might finally get a new chief!Beautifully connected, all these events intertwine to give these characters a final ending to their stories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seeking to recover his memories, a scissor-wielding hairdresser, bungling quasi-assassin stumbles into a struggle for power among two feuding factions.(Source: IMDb)In order to pursue her dream of bringing positive changes to Japan, Mitsumi Iwakura leaves her countryside town to attend a prestigious high school in the hustle and bustle of Tokyo. As she has already mapped a clear life plan, she has absolute confidence that there will be zero mishaps from then onwards.Despite her ambitious promise, the country girl ends up running late on the first day when she gets lost on her way to school. Fortunately, she meets a fellow first-year student, Sousuke Shima, who is in the same situation and offers to go with her. They eventually make it to school, but the misfortunes do not end there, as Mitsumi leaves an unfavorable first impression in front of her classmates.Nevertheless, the class soon takes notice of her friendship with Sousuke despite their opposing personalities. Only time will tell whether Mitsumi will be able to forge fruitful relationships with her classmates, and she will certainly not be alone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]There is no putting it lightly—Tsunayoshi Sawada is just no good. He is clumsy, talentless, and desperately in love with the school idol Kyouko Sasagawa, a girl so completely out of his league. Dubbed "Loser Tsuna" by his classmates, he seems to be the very personification of failure in the guise of a middle-schooler.Tsuna's boring life takes an extraordinary twist when he encounters the mysterious Reborn, who happens to be a hitman... and shockingly, a baby! Sent from the strongest Mafia family in Italy, Reborn is assigned the daunting mission of preparing the dull middle schooler to succeed the ninth boss of the notorious Vongola family, who is on the brink of retirement. The dull boy has a grueling road ahead, but with the help of his new criminal affiliates and his peculiar home tutor, perhaps even Loser Tsuna can achieve greatness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Conan Edogawa, the Detective Boys, and Professor Hiroshi Agasa decide to visit the Nishitamashi Twin Towers. There they run into Ran Mouri; her closest friend, Sonoko Suzuki, and Ran's father, the famous Kogorou Mouri. Learning the trio are attending the towers' grand opening, Conan and company tag along for a private tour of its floors.However, as preparations are finalized for the opening ceremony, their visit takes an unexpected turn—three brutal murders occur, seemingly linked to a mysterious Porsche 356A. Soon after, as Conan and the detectives dive deeper into the case, the towers are rocked by an explosion. With fire rapidly spreading and lives in danger, police desperately seek to evacuate everyone. But when the elevator, their only means to escape goes down, Conan and company are left behind. With help on its way, they frantically try to keep everyone safe, but time is running out if they want to bring the perpetrators to justice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the precipice of a cataclysmic drought, the Star Readers of the Shin Yogo Empire must devise a plan to avoid widespread famine. It is written in ancient myths that the first emperor, along with eight warriors, slew a water demon to avoid a great drought and save the land that was to become Shin Yogo. If a water demon was to appear once more, its death could bring salvation. However, the water demon manifests itself within the body of the emperor's son, Prince Chagum—by the emperor's order, Chagum is to be sacrificed to save the empire.Meanwhile, a mysterious spear-wielding mercenary named Balsa arrives in Shin Yogo on business. After saving Chagum from a thinly veiled assassination attempt, she is tasked by Chagum's mother to protect him from the emperor and his hunters. Bound by a sacred vow she once made, Balsa accepts.Seirei no Moribito follows Balsa as she embarks on her journey to protect Chagum, exploring the beauty of life, nature, family, and the bonds that form between strangers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On Christmas Eve, four-year-old Miri Unasaka arrives in Tokyo completely alone, in search of her father. The bright lights and merry atmosphere guide Miri to a big hotel and a man with a delicious-looking cake. However, the child has just unknowingly walked into the center of an elaborate, foolproof plan for assassinating a dangerous mafia boss.Professional assassins Kazuki Kurusu and Rei Suwa live together, fleeing memories of their grim childhoods and avoiding emotional connections. When their mission goes awry and they end up bringing Miri home, there is only one reasonable thing to do: return Miri to her mother. But the girl's innocent laugh and pure worldview quickly enamor her to Kazuki, who secretly enjoys playing a parent, and it is not long before Rei's impenetrable heart makes room for Miri.Miri's every move is unpredictable, and Kazuki and Rei find raising an energetic child harder than any of their missions. Although it presents a great risk to their careers, Kazuki and Rei—both assuming the affectionate nickname "papa"—decide to provide Miri with a normal childhood despite all the odds stacked against them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Midori Asakusa sees the world a bit differently. Always having her nose in a sketchbook, Asakusa draws detailed landscapes and backgrounds of both the world around her and the one within her boundless imagination. Even the simple act of doodling on a wall evolves into an emergency repair on the outer hull of her spaceship. She is only brought back to reality by her best friend Sayaka Kanamori. The pair are stark opposites, with Asakusa's childlike wonder contrasted by Kanamori's calculated approach to life. After a chance encounter where the two "save" the young model Tsubame Misuzaki from her overprotective bodyguard, a connection instantly sparks between Asakusa and Misuzaki, as both share an intense passion for art and animation. Whereas Asakusa is interested in backgrounds and settings, Misuzaki loves drawing the human form. Sensing a money-making opportunity, Kanamori suggests that they start an animation club, which they disguise as a motion picture club since the school already has an anime club. Thus begins the trio's journey of producing animation that will awe the world. From the brilliant mind of Masaaki Yuasa, Eizouken ni wa Te wo Dasu na! is a love letter to animation, wildly creative in its approach, and a testament to the potential of the medium.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 5053, French aristocrats Viscount Albert de Morcerf and Baron Franz d'Epinay attend the festival of Carnival on the moon city of Luna. While Franz is just looking to have fun, Albert is seeking something more to fill his life—but he finds more than he bargained for in The Count of Monte Cristo, a mysterious and charming self-made nobleman who meets his gaze during an opera performance.Through a few twists and turns, Albert befriends the Count and introduces him into French society. The Count, however, has more on his mind than just friendship; he plots to finally unleash his vengeance on those who wronged him years earlier. Gankutsuou follows Albert and the Count's intertwined destinies and the ultimate price paid for enacting revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu Gaiden is the first of two OVA adaptations of side stories from the Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu novel series. This first adaptation follows the achievements of Reinhard von Müsel and Siegfried Kircheis of the Galactic Empire before the fateful Battle of Astarte.The Silver-White Valley Reinhard and Kircheis graduate from their military academy and are immediately sent to the frozen frontier planet Kapche-Lanka. Unbeknownst to them, their new superior schemes to kill Reinhard on behalf of a rival of Reinhard's sister Annerose von Grünewald.Dreams of the Morning, Songs of the NightReinhard and Kircheis are assigned to the Imperial Military Police, where they uncover the corrupt and oppressive practices of the Empire's law enforcement. They are soon ordered to investigate the murder of a student at their alma mater.Dishonor As Reinhard awaits the bestowal of his new title of Count von Lohengramm, he sends Kircheis to the artificial resort satellite Kreuznach III for a vacation. Restless from the lack of work, Kircheis assists the local police with a drug trafficking case related to an attack on a disgraced former Vice Admiral.A Hundred Billion Stars, a Hundred Billion Lights While Reinhard is still a commodore in charge of only a single squadron, he laments the incompetence of his superiors during a battle against the Free Planets Alliance. Amassing military successes under the direct command of Vice Admiral Richard von Grimmelshausen, Reinhard repeatedly clashes with Hermann von Lüneburg, a commodore and former regimental commander of the Alliance's infamous Rosen Ritter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with limited edition of the 58th Gintama manga volume.The tagline for the bundled anime reads, "It's time for all the Yorozuya members ...to wake up just one more time."(Source: MAL News, edited)The band "given"—comprised of Ritsuka Uenoyama, Mafuyu Satou, Haruki Nakayama, and Akihiko Kaji—has advanced to the final screening of the Countdown-fes Amateur Contest, in which they will be judged on their live act. Although enthusiastic, they worry about having only one original song to perform.Mafuyu embraces the idea of learning more about music in order to create new, emotionally resonant songs. In this regard, he unexpectedly receives help from Ugetsu Murata, Akihiko's on-again, off-again lover. Ugetsu has unsuccessfully tried to let go of Akihiko, who himself is torn between lingering feelings for his past and an uncertain resolve for the future.As the competition draws near, Haruki uncharacteristically begins to doubt his place in the band and the trust he shares with Akihiko. It is a given that not all attachments last forever, but it remains to be seen what can be salvaged from the ruins of heartbreak—or if only regrets will endure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A year has passed since the events of SSSS.Gridman. The world is at peace and no one except for Rikka and Utsumi remembers the kaiju, Gridman, or Akane Shinjou. This includes Yuuta, who despite serving as Gridman's host, has no memory of the most important moments of his life. So when a new Kaiju appears, he leaps at the chance to prove to himself that he too can be the hero by merging with Gridman once more.(Source: ANN)While reveling in the successful clinching of a prized vase for his collection, Yoshifumi Nitta, a yakuza member, is rudely interrupted when a large, peculiar capsule suddenly materializes and falls on his head. He opens the capsule to reveal a young, blue-haired girl, who doesn't divulge anything about herself but her name—Hina—and the fact that she possesses immense powers. As if things couldn't get any worse, she loses control and unleashes an explosion if her powers remain unused. Faced with no other choice, Nitta finds himself becoming her caregiver. To let her use her powers freely, Nitta asks Hina to help out with a construction deal, which goes smoothly. But while this is happening, a rival yakuza group covertly attacks his boss. To Nitta's shock, his colleagues later pin the blame on him! Tasked with attacking the rival group in retaliation, Nitta steels himself and arrives at their hideout. But suddenly, Hina unexpectedly steps in and helps him wipe out the entire group. As it turns out, Hina might just become a valuable asset to Nitta and his yakuza business, provided she does not use her powers on him first! And so the strange life of this unusual duo begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This musical film is the visual realization of "Discovery", an album by Daft Punk. It tells the story of a band of four extraterrestrial musicians who are kidnapped and brought back to Earth by an evil manager. Their only hopes lie with a space pilot from their home planet who, after receiving a distress call broadcasted during the abduction, seeks out to rescue them.Conspiring forces frame Jolyne Kuujou for a reckless crime, landing her in the infamous Green Dolphin Street Jail. Much like her father Joutarou, Jolyne is brash, brave, and just; she rails against her unfair sentence and quickly discovers the sinister circumstances that led to her incarceration.A gift from her absent father grants Jolyne the power of Stone Free, a supernatural ability known as a Stand that allows her to unravel her body into string. Jolyne uses Stone Free to battle her way through the prison, recruiting new allies—Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters—to assist in her investigation. Together, the fearless women fight to uncover the menace behind Whitesnake, an enemy Stand responsible for the increasingly dangerous prisoners who are after Jolyne's life.Through Jolyne, the Joestar lineage confronts the legacy of its one true enemy. Jolyne and her friends race to stop a disastrous plot and put an end to a culminating evil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Douluo Dalu.Following Gutsy Galaxy Guard's victory over the Zonder Empire and the 31 Primevals, a new threat makes their appearance on Earth. GGG—with Guy Shishio and the newly-constructed GaoFighGar—team up with their French counterpart Chasseur to battle the evil organization BioNet. Among Chasseur's ranks is Renais Cardiff Shishioh, a former BioNet cyborg with the relentless pursuit of destroying those who took away her humanity. But as GGG and Chasseur fight the BioNet, GGG's bases around the world are suddenly attacked, and the recently-discovered "Q-Parts" and the original Gao Machines are stolen by Mamoru Amami, who has been abducted and cloned by an even greater threat known as the "Eleven Kings of Sol." Evicted from Earth by the United Nations, GGG must now travel to the far reaches of the galaxy to battle the Eleven Kings of Sol and save Mamoru before it's too late.(Source: ANN, edited)Although Jirou Horikoshi's nearsightedness prevents him from ever becoming a pilot, he leaves his hometown to study aeronautical engineering at Tokyo Imperial University for one simple purpose: to design and build planes just like his hero, Italian aircraft pioneer Giovanni Battista Caproni. His arrival in the capital coincides with the Great Kanto Earthquake of 1923, during which he saves a maid serving the family of a young girl named Naoko Satomi; this disastrous event marks the beginning of over two decades of social unrest and malaise leading up to Japan's eventual surrender in World War II.For Jirou, the years leading up to the production of his infamous Mitsubishi A6M Zero fighter aircraft will test every fiber of his being. His many travels and life experiences only urge him onward⁠—even as he realizes both the role of his creations in the war and the harsh realities of his personal life. As time marches on, he must confront an impossible question: at what cost does he chase his beautiful dream?[Written by MAL Rewrite]One night, the Tokyo National Institute of Microorganisms is attacked by a mysterious organization calling themselves the "Red Siamese Cats." The group causes the explosion of a high-security lab storing a virus—said to have a mortality rate of 80% with no known cure. This act of terror dominates the headlines, overshadowing the unveiling of the world's biggest airship developed under Jirokichi Suzuki. Peculiarly, the unveiling has a note attached for Kaito "Kaitou Kid" Kuroba, challenging him to steal the jewel on display—the illustrious Lady Sky.Conan Edogawa is permitted to board the airship along with Kogorou Mouri, Ran Mouri, Sonoko Suzuki, Professor Agasa, and the Detective Boys. However, their fun comes to a halt when an unknown caller contacts Jirokichi and declares that they have released a certain virus in the smoking room. Soon after, symptoms begin to appear among the passengers and chaos ensues. Seizing the opportunity, the Red Siamese Cats suddenly appear and hijack the airship! To stop the assailants, Conan and Kaitou Kid, along with their allies, must work together to decipher the clues and discover the Red Siamese Cats' real objective before time runs out.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Conan was the only child born on Remnant Island, a place settled by a group of refugees while they fled a terrifying wave of magnetic bombs that wiped out most of humanity. After 20 years, most of the castaways have died, save for Conan and the wise old man that raised him.Believing Remnant Island to be the last inhabited place on Earth, Conan is shocked when he discovers a young girl named Lana washed up on the beach one day. Though he is thrilled to learn that humanity has survived, Lana tells him the nation of Industria wants her as a hostage to force her grandfather, Dr. Lao, to power their machinery. Their conversation is cut short when Industria's top pilot, Monsley, suddenly appears and seizes Lana. Determined to save her, Conan immediately sets off from Remnant Island and begins a journey that will ultimately determine the fate of the world. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The Straw Hat Pirates enter the rough seas of the New World in search of the hidden treasures of the Pirate King, Gol D. Roger－One Piece. On their voyage, the pirates come across a terrifying, powerful man, former Marine Admiral Z.Z is accused of having stolen the "Dyna Stones", weapons believed to have the power to shake up the New World. The Marine Headquarters believes Z is about to use it to end the pirate era, and with it, the lives of many innocent people. In fear of such a phenomenal event, marines start to take action against the former admiral.Even if it means stumbling upon marines and the navy, the Straw Hat Pirates decided to chase after Z and stop him from causing havoc. As they continue to embark on their ventures, the pirates bump into new and familiar acquaintances.Nami betrays the Straw Hat crew and steals their ship and treasures, escaping to Arlong Park. Luffy and his crew follow her, only to come face to face with the infamous pirate Arlong, a ruthless fish-man who has taken over Nami's home island with force and Naval bribes. As opinions clash and the Straw Hats attempt to convince Nami to rejoin the team, her true motivation behind the deception will be revealed at last. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The All-Star Tournament is a three-day event that allows e-sports participants from various professional clubs to display their skills, while also giving casual Glory players the chance to interact with pros in the flesh.Retired top-tier Glory player Ye Xiu agrees to watch the tournament together with Tang Rou and Chen Guo after the latter manages to get ahold of three tickets. It is a strange sensation for Ye Xiu, as unlike previous occasions, this time he attends the tournament as a spectator, not a participant. However, despite his attempts to keep a low profile, events in the All-Star Tournament may force the former Glory legend back into the limelight.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High schooler Nanami Momozono has quite a few problems of late, beginning with her absentee father being in such extreme debt that they lose everything. Downtrodden and homeless, she runs into a man being harassed by a dog. After helping him, she explains her situation, and to her surprise, he offers her his home in gratitude. But when she discovers that said home is a rundown shrine, she tries to leave; however, she is caught by two shrine spirits and a fox familiar named Tomoe. They mistake her for the man Nanami rescued—the land god of the shrine, Mikage. Realizing that Mikage must have sent her there as a replacement god, Tomoe leaves abruptly, refusing to serve a human.Rather than going back to being homeless, Nanami immerses herself in her divine duties. But if she must keep things running smoothly, she will need the help of a certain hot-headed fox. In her fumbling attempt to seek out Tomoe, she lands in trouble and ends up sealing a contract with him. Now the two must traverse the path of godhood together as god and familiar; but it will not be easy, for new threats arise in the form of a youkai who wants to devour the girl, a snake that wants to marry her, and Nanami's own unexpected feelings for her new familiar.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, mankind's dependence on fossil fuels will lead to their complete depletion, an energy crisis unlike anything the world witnessed. Out of retaliation and fear, humanity began focusing at an alternative source of energy: solar power. Different nations have united together to form three major factions—the Union of Solar Energy and Free Nations, the Advanced European Union, and the Human Reform League. Each of these sectors has access to a solar power generator, which gives them limitless energy.As a result, countries that were once dependent on the sale of fossil fuels are now plunged in poverty, leading to years of warfare and internal strife over the control of solar energy. Amid this chaos, an unknown paramilitary organization appeared identifying themselves as "Celestial Being," aspire to end all warfare through armed intervention by using mysterious and technologically advanced Mobile Suits known as Gundams.Mobile Suit Gundam 00 follows the story of Celestial Being's Gundam Meisters Setsuna F. Seiei, Lockon Stratos, Allelujah Haptism, and Tieria Erde. These four dive into the devastating battle between the three superpowers to accomplish their goal of changing the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A.D. 2034. It has been two years since Motoko Kusanagi left Section 9. Togusa is now the new leader of the team, that has considerably increased its appointed personnel. The expanded new Section 9 confronts a rash of complicated incidents, and investigations reveal that an ultra-wizard hacker named the Puppeteer is behind the entire series of events.In the midst of all, Batou, who was stalking the case on a separate track, encounters Motoko. She goes away after saying, "Stay away from the Solid State Society." Batou is left with a doubt in his mind. Could Motoko be the Puppeteer?The series of intriguing incidents that Section 9 faces gradually link together almost artistically. Who is the Puppeteer? What will happen to Batou's relationship with Motoko? What is the full truth behind this carefully planned perfect crime? And what will the outcome be? Mysteries surround the Solid State Society...(Source: Production I.G.)Ever since her late mother took her to an aquarium when she was young, Tsukimi Kurashita has been obsessed with jellyfish, comparing their flowing tentacles to a princess's white dress. Now living with five other unemployed otaku women, 19-year-old Tsukimi spends her days as a social outcast dreaming of becoming an illustrator.However, her life changes forever when one day, a beautiful woman unexpectedly helps her save a jellyfish in a local pet store. From then on, the stranger—confident, fashionable, and the complete opposite of Tsukimi and her roommates—begins to regularly visit the girls' building. This trendy hipster, though appearing shallow at first, harbors some secrets of her own, starting with the fact that "she" isn't really a girl at all, but a wealthy male college student named Kuranosuke Koibuchi![Written by MAL Rewrite]Kusuo Saiki is a high school student who possesses a wide range of psychic abilities. While many may believe these abilities to be a gift, to Kusuo, they are a curse as he must fight strange odds in order to try to live a normal life. Forced to use his psychic powers to protect his secret or to make up for his father's incompetence at work, will Saiki eventually come to realize how his powers can actually help his friends and family?[Written by MAL Rewrite]With a stray pitch that completely missed the batter, Eijun Sawamura loses his final middle school baseball game. Frustrated by this defeat, Eijun and his teammates vow to reach the national tournament once they are in high school. But everything changes when a scout unexpectedly invites him to Tokyo's prestigious Seidou High School after seeing the potential in his unusual pitching style. Encouraged by his teammates, Eijun accepts the offer, ready to improve his skills and play at a much more competitive level of baseball.However, now surrounded by a large number of skilled players, Eijun struggles to find his place on the team. He declares that he will one day become the team's ace, but that's only if fellow first year Satoru Furuya doesn't take the title first, with his breakneck fastballs that earn him a coveted spot on the starting roster. With the addition of these talented new players to an already powerful lineup, the Seidou baseball team aims to become the best in Japan, facing off against a number of formidable foes that stand in their way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth season of Doupo Cangqiong.Edward Elric, a young, brilliant alchemist, has lost much in his twelve-year life: when he and his brother Alphonse try to resurrect their dead mother through the forbidden act of human transmutation, Edward loses his brother as well as two of his limbs. With his supreme alchemy skills, Edward binds Alphonse's soul to a large suit of armor.A year later, Edward, now promoted to the fullmetal alchemist of the state, embarks on a journey with his younger brother to obtain the Philosopher's Stone. The fabled mythical object is rumored to be capable of amplifying an alchemist's abilities by leaps and bounds, thus allowing them to override the fundamental law of alchemy: to gain something, an alchemist must sacrifice something of equal value. Edward hopes to draw into the military's resources to find the fabled stone and restore his and Alphonse's bodies to normal. However, the Elric brothers soon discover that there is more to the legendary stone than meets the eye, as they are led to the epicenter of a far darker battle than they could have ever imagined.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The anime centers on the graduation of Sae and Hiro.Sentenced to death, ninja Gabimaru the Hollow finds himself apathetic. After leading a blood-soaked life, Gabimaru believes he deserves to die. However, every attempt to execute him inexplicably fails. Finally, Sagiri Yamada Asaemon, a fledgling member of a famed executioner clan, is asked to take Gabimaru's life; yet Sagiri makes no move to kill him as requested.Insisting that Gabimaru will not die because of his love for his wife, Sagiri instead offers him the chance to obtain a full pardon for his crimes. If he can travel to the island of Shinsekyo and obtain the Elixir of Life—which supposedly grants immortality—and bring it back for the shogun, then his freedom will be assured.But of the many who have traveled to Shinsekyo in search of the mythical Elixir, not a single person has returned sound of mind, if at all. Though unaware of the numerous dangers ahead, Gabimaru decides to accept the offer—alongside ten other death row convicts—in hope that he and his wife may finally live in peace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita Nobi is an elementary student who hates studying, is bad at sports, and does everything half-heartedly. He is a pushover, unlucky, and fearful of many things. His personality makes him a failure in life, even affecting his progeny. This causes his great-great-grandchild, Sewashi, to take control of the situation.Sewashi travels back in time from the 22nd century to the 20th century to meet Nobita, who is shocked to see him appear out of his drawer alongside a blue robotic cat. The robotic cat calls himself Doraemon, who claims to have been pressured by Sewashi to assist Nobita, with their ultimate goal being to provide Nobita happiness. Frustrated after seeing Nobita's hopeless state, Doraemon decides to go back to the future. However, Sewashi activates a program within Doraemon that prevents him from doing so. Forced to stay, Doraemon helps Nobita using futuristic gadgets through his four-dimensional pocket—a bag containing anything inside it. Can Doraemon bring Nobita happiness and return to the future?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mahiru Kouzuki, a skilled artist, gives up on her passion after her elementary school classmates ridicule her colorful jellyfish mural. Several years later, upon encountering an unexpected admirer in Kano Yamanouchi—a former idol with a troubled past—Mahiru decides to pursue her childhood dreams once more.Tasked with designing the mascot for Kano's new music project, JELEE, Mahiru enlists the help of her childhood friend and professional streamer Kiui Watase to make JELEE's first music video. Together with Kim Anouk Mei Takanashi, a pianist and fan of Kano's work as an idol, the girls aim to turn JELEE into a global hit. However, if they want to succeed in this ambitious endeavor, they will first have to free themselves from the shackles of their pasts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Life back on the cruise following the Island Special Examination is anything but smooth sailing. Almost immediately after their return, the first-year students of Tokyo Metropolitan Advanced Nurturing High School face yet another special exam, with both class and individual points on the line.In addition to the complicated ruleset, more issues arise in the form of Kakeru Ryuuen and Kei Karuizawa. Angered by the previous test's outcome, Ryuuen is dead set on outdoing every class in the new challenge using any means necessary. Meanwhile, Karuizawa, a crucial pillar of Class D, is close to crumbling under the pressure of her past.The stage is now set for Kiyotaka Ayanokouji to once again—using the full extent of his planning, foresight, and ruthless manipulation—steer Class D to victory as dangerously close enemy forces try to bring it down.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Makoto Konno is in her last year of high school, but is having a hard time deciding what to do with her future. In between enduring the pressure of her teachers and killing time with her best friends, Makoto's life suddenly changes when she accidentally discovers that she is capable of literally leaping through time.Toki wo Kakeru Shoujo follows Makoto as she plays around with her newfound power. However, she soon learns the hard way that every choice has a consequence, and time is a lot more complicated than it may seem.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the battle in Celes, Fai escapes with Kurogane's aid while helping Syaoran and Sakura as well. Now in the land of Nihon, Kurogane meets with Tomoyo once more. Seishirou appears and Syaoran battles him for the feather. After finally gaining the feather, he enters the Dream World where he meets Sakura, Watanuki and the Clone.(Source: Metacritic)Despite the prefectural tournament's breathtaking conclusion, the Kazemai High School Kyudo Club has no time to celebrate. With the national competition right around the corner, the club is determined to prove that their initial victory was not a mere fluke.With his passion for the sport reignited, Minato Narumiya earnestly prepares for the upcoming competition with his teammates, who are equally motivated to win. As the much-anticipated tournament begins, the members of Kazemai's kyudo team fight to stay on target with their ambitious goal. But when old acquaintances reappear as difficult opponents, the boys find that winning the nationals will require more dedication and effort than ever before.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Within the horse-racing world, the horse girls of Team Spica have been gaining popularity as they continue to rack up victories. The one receiving the most attention in the group is Toukai Teiou, known for her cheerful personality and exceptional running skills. Teiou aims to become an undefeated Triple Crown horse girl by winning all three G1 races consecutively, a feat that has not been accomplished since the legendary Symbolic Rudolf managed to do so many years ago.On her path to obtaining the Triple Crown, Teiou is met with many challenges, encountering both old and new rivals. Amidst her fierce rivalries, however, Teiou is soon confronted with decisions that will leave a huge impact on her very own racing career.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year Universal Century 0096, three years after Char Aznable's failed attempt to force human migration into space, life continues in the colonies orbiting Earth. One such colony, at Side 4, is home to Banagher Links, a 16-year-old who lives a quiet life among his classmates.Audrey Burne, the last descendant of a great tyrannical family, takes it upon herself to steal the key to a mysterious device known as "Laplace's Box." It is said that the Box has the power to shape the course of the universe, and Audrey travels to Side 4 in an attempt to take it from its current holder and keep it from the Sleeves, the surviving remnant of Char Aznable's  Neo-Zeon. In her search, she stumbles across Banagher and changes his life forever.When Side 4 comes under the attack of the Sleeves and its prolific fighters Marida Cruz and Full Frontal, Banagher takes control of the newly built Gundam Unicorn to defend his friends and protect the fate of humankind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After dying a laughable and pathetic death on his way back from buying a game, high school student and recluse Kazuma Satou finds himself sitting before a beautiful but obnoxious goddess named Aqua. She provides the NEET with two options: continue on to heaven or reincarnate in every gamer's dream—a real fantasy world! Choosing to start a new life, Kazuma is quickly tasked with defeating a Demon King who is terrorizing villages. But before he goes, he can choose one item of any kind to aid him in his quest, and the future hero selects Aqua. But Kazuma has made a grave mistake—Aqua is completely useless!Unfortunately, their troubles don't end here; it turns out that living in such a world is far different from how it plays out in a game. Instead of going on a thrilling adventure, the duo must first work to pay for their living expenses. Indeed, their misfortunes have only just begun![Written by MAL Rewrite]It is Tetsuya Kuroko's birthday. In celebration, Satsuki Momoi has invited the other members of the Generation of Miracles to play basketball together and rekindle the memories from their nostalgic middle school days. Meanwhile, Taiga Kagami and his fellow teammates of Seirin High are doing their best to prepare for Kuroko's birthday party.Sometimes, the best gift one can receive is not a material one but, rather, the feeling of having fun with everyone![Written by MAL Rewrite]Angelica sends Chise some magic supplies including a present. The present turns out to be a book Chise read in her childhood. Elias asks Chise to tell him the story behind the book. Chise tells him about Miura-san and the mysterious library she found in the forest as a child.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The sequel to Saint Seiya: The Lost Canvas - Meiou Shinwa.High school student Rakurou Hizutome has a peculiar hobby of playing poorly made games—ones that are unbalanced or are filled with so many bugs that make them borderline unplayable. The few who share his hobby might recognize him by his in-game name, Sunraku. For his next game, Rakurou is recommended Shangri-La Frontier, a popular and well-received virtual reality game as a breather from the terrible games he has been playing recently.Once he boots up the game, Rakurou decides to sell off most of his starting gear to gain extra money, leaving himself with only a pair of boxers, a bird mask, and some weapons. He is instantly hooked as he meticulously levels up his avatar. However, after encountering some intimidating monsters, he realizes that he may have underestimated the challenge that a mainstream game can offer. As Rakurou progresses, he must draw on all the skills he has perfected from his previous gaming experience. Before long, Sunraku's eccentric playstyle takes Shangri-La Frontier by storm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At a remote hot springs lodge, Yona and the team rest. The boys are taking a bath with the exception of Ki-ja, who looks troubled. Jae-ha takes this chance to tease him, unwittingly finding a mark linked to the previous White Dragon—whom coincidentally is also Ki-ja's father—prompting Ki-ja to recall their complicated relationship.In another time and place, Son Hak and the dragons banter as they hold a drinking contest. As they start to doze off one-by-one, Zeno dreams of his past, where his abilities and experiences, both as a person and as the Yellow Dragon, are revealed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although already a third-year high school student, Rikka Takanashi remains a chuunibyou—a "disease" that causes people to fantasize about themselves and their surroundings. Her relationship with Yuuta Togashi has also gone unchanged for the past six months, and with entrance exams right around the corner, both of them strive to enroll at the same college. However, Tooka—Rikka's elder sister—decides to take Rikka to Italy as she has found a stable job there. This unforeseen turn of events causes a commotion between the couple as neither of them want to be separated from each other. Desperate for ideas, they seek assistance from their friends, and after a brief conversation, they come up with a plan—to elope.Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie: Take On Me is a sensational drama featuring the couple—Yuuta and Rikka—as they journey across Japan. The two attempt to prevent Rikka from being taken to Italy, but will they be able to succeed in doing so?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dominating the world of indie music, Detroit Metal City (DMC) is a popular death metal band known for its captivatingly dark and crude style. Its extravagant lead singer, Johannes Krauser II, is especially infamous as a demonic being who has risen from the fiery pits of hell itself in order to bring the world to its knees and lord over all mortals—or at least that's what he's publicized to be.Unbeknownst to his many worshippers, Krauser II is just the alter ego of an average college graduate named Souichi Negishi. Although he is soft-spoken, peace-loving, and would rather listen to Swedish pop all day, he must participate in DMC's garish concerts in order to make ends meet. Detroit Metal City chronicles Negishi's hilarious misadventures as he attempts to juggle his hectic band life, a seemingly budding romance, and dealing with his incredibly obsessive and dedicated fans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Tokyo's downtown district of Ikebukuro, amidst many strange rumors and warnings of anonymous gangs and dangerous occupants, one urban legend stands out above the rest—the existence of a headless "Black Rider" who is said to be seen driving a jet-black motorcycle through the city streets.Mikado Ryuugamine has always longed for the excitement of the city life, and an invitation from a childhood friend convinces him to move to Tokyo. Witnessing the Black Rider on his first day in the city, his wishes already seem to have been granted. But as supernatural events begin to occur, ordinary citizens like himself, along with Ikebukuro's most colorful inhabitants, are mixed up in the commotion breaking out in their city.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After overcoming monumental obstacles in their previous adventures, Gintoki Sakata, Shinpachi Shimura, and Kagura gather at the Yorozuya office to discuss important matters. The trio, accompanied by their hilarious and eccentric friends, reveals a long-awaited notice: the biggest Gintama arc is coming to the big screens![Written by MAL Rewrite]When Myne learns that the Holy Church is in need of mana for their relics, she sees it as her chance to be cured of her life-threatening mana disorder. After seeing their bountiful library, she throws herself headfirst into the Church's grasp and begs to join their order. In exchange for her service and her unusually bountiful supply of mana, Myne is given the blue robes of a noble-born apprentice priestess, despite being a commoner. To Myne, all this talk of mana and nobility is trivial, as she now has access to an unlimited supply of books!As Myne transitions into the next phase of her life in this new world, she soon learns that achieving her dream has come at a heavy cost. Noble society is severe, unforgiving, and fueled by politics and neglect. She must now deal with the class conflict between the noble-born blue robes and the common-born grey robes, the High Priest's attempts to oust her, and constant behavioral issues from her new retainers. With the help of her family, friends, and the enigmatic Head Priest whose loyalties and motives remain unknown, Myne seeks to overcome these obstacles and continue on the path to becoming her ideal self—the ultimate librarian![Written by MAL Rewrite]After earning a series of difficult victories in the prefectures of Tochigi, Saitama, and Ibaraki, the drivers of Project D—an amateur street driving group led by ex-street driver and expert tactician Ryousuke Takahashi—Takumi Fujiwara and Keisuke Takahashi now have to take Project D to the next level: the Kanagawa prefecture, commonly known as the holy land of street racing. Their opponents, members of the three best street racing teams of Kanagawa, design an elaborate strategy called the "Four Lines of Defense" to put a definitive end to the ambitions of Project D.Meanwhile, Takumi feels he needs to refine his driving skills to overcome the last victory against Toshiya Joushima that he only just managed to snatch. The moment of truth has now come for Project D, which carries with it the hopes of the Gunma Prefecture; will they manage to thwart the surprising tactics of the skilled street racers of Kanagawa?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Years after an ancient evil was salvaged from the depths of the sea, Joutarou Kuujou sits peacefully within a Japanese jail cell. He's committed no crime yet demands he not be released, believing he's been possessed by an evil spirit capable of harming those around him. Concerned for her son, Holy Kuujou asks her father, Joseph Joestar, to convince Joutarou to leave the prison. Joseph informs his grandson that the "evil spirit" is in fact something called a "Stand," the physical manifestation of one's fighting spirit which can adopt a variety of deadly forms. After a fiery brawl with Joseph's friend Muhammad Avdol, Joutarou is forced out of his cell and begins learning how to control the power of his Stand.However, when a Stand awakens within Holy and threatens to consume her in 50 days, Joutarou, his grandfather, and their allies must seek out and destroy the immortal vampire responsible for her condition. They must travel halfway across the world to Cairo, Egypt and along the way, do battle with ferocious Stand users set on thwarting them. If Joutarou and his allies fail in their mission, humanity is destined for a grim fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 1929, Ladd Russo spared Graham Specter's life and earned his unwavering loyalty. Three years later, Graham is infuriated upon learning that Ladd was pushed off the train after the events aboard the Flying Pussyfoot. As a man of bizarre yet passionate philosophies, he plans to make an offering to Ladd by kidnapping Eve Genoard and subsequently capturing Jacuzzi Splot, who has been living in the Genoard mansion with his gang.Meanwhile, Jacuzzi and his gang take in an unfamiliar woman, Elmer C. Albatross pays a visit to the prison to meet an old friend, and Czeslaw Meyer runs into the man he hoped he would never see again.These seemingly separate storylines merge, tying up several loose ends and revealing the whole truth of the anomaly that occurred aboard the Advena Avis in 1711.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuugo Hachiken is studious, hard-working, and tired of trying to live up to expectations he just cannot meet. With the ushering in of a brand new school year, he decides to enroll in Ooezo Agricultural High School, a boarding school located in the Hokkaido countryside, as a means to escape from the stress brought upon by his parents.Initially convinced that he would do well at this institution, Hachiken is quickly proven wrong by his talented classmates, individuals who have been living on farms their entire lives and know just about everything when it comes to food, vegetables, and even the physiology of livestock! Whether it be waking up at five in the morning for strenuous labor or to take care of farm animals, Hachiken is a complete amateur when it comes to the harsh agricultural life.Gin no Saji follows the comedic story of a young student as he tries to fit into a completely new environment, meeting many unique people along the way. As he struggles to appreciate his surroundings, Hachiken hopes to discover his dreams, so that he may lead a fulfilling life on his own terms.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A special episode included in the DVDs. It tells how Takamura started boxing.Koyomi Araragi is studying hard in preparation for his college entrance exams when he begins to notice something very strange: his reflection no longer appears in a mirror, a characteristic of a true vampire. Worried about the state of his body, he enlists the help of the human-like doll Yotsugi Ononoki and her master Yozuru Kagenui, an immortal oddity specialist.Quickly realizing what is wrong with him, Yozuru gives him two choices: either abstain from using the vampiric abilities he received from Shinobu Oshino, or lose his humanity forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After uncovering the truth behind their father's untimely death, life for the four Shimogamo brothers returns to relative peace with each trying to live up to their father's greatness in their own way. For the eldest, Yaichirou, who aims to become the next Trick Magister and leader of the tanuki society, it starts with reinstating the popular shogi tournament. For Yajirou, it is restoring his former shapeshifting abilities, whilst little Yashirou is content with continuing his work at the family’s factory. But for the third son, Yasaburou, it simply means embracing the "fool's blood" he inherited from his father and living a carefree but interesting life. This, of course, includes hunting for the mysterious and elusive snake-like creature known as a tsuchinoko, and causing ripples of trouble at every turn.However, these ripples threaten to turn into waves with the return of Nidaime, the estranged son of the brothers' tengu teacher, Professor Akadama. Nidaime bears a grudge against not only his father, but his father's apprentice Benten as well. His loyalties suddenly brought into question, Yasaburou must use his tanuki wit to appease all sides without getting caught in the crossfire, before the delicate balance between human, tengu, and tanuki is overthrown and all hell breaks loose.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Painted in red, the word "VON" is all that is left behind after a terrorist attack on a nuclear facility in Japan. The government is shattered by their inability to act, and the police are left frantically searching for ways to crack down the perpetrators. The public are clueless—until, six months later, a strange video makes its way onto the internet. In it, two teenage boys who identify themselves only as "Sphinx" directly challenge the police, threatening to cause destruction and mayhem across Tokyo. Unable to stop the mass panic quickly spreading through the city and desperate for any leads in their investigation, the police struggle to act effectively against these terrorists, with Detective Kenjirou Shibazaki caught in the middle of it all.Zankyou no Terror tells the story of Nine and Twelve, the two boys behind the masked figures of Sphinx. They should not exist, yet they stand strong in a world of deception and secrets while they make the city fall around them, all in the hopes of burying their own tragic truth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the request of Queen Victoria, Earl Ciel Phantomhive goes to Weston College—a prestigious public academy for boys, known for its traditions and outstanding curriculum—to search for a relative of hers who has not returned home in months. Thanks to his noble status, the 13-year-old Ciel is swiftly able to enroll as a student, while his devilish butler Sebastian Michaelis assumes a teaching position at the school. Ciel does not anticipate being unable to locate the Queen's relative on campus. To make matters worse, he cannot request a meeting with the headmaster of the college, who may be the only person that knows anything pertaining to the disappearance. The only ones in frequent contact with the headmaster are the heads of the college dormitories, known as the Prefect 4 (P4): Edgar Redmond, Lawrence Bluewer, Herman Greenhill, and Gregory Violet.Ciel must concoct a plan to get in the P4's good graces if he wants to use their connections to succeed in his mission. But the distinguished college and its students hide much that is unseen, making this task more improbable than he could imagine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lain Iwakura, an awkward and introverted fourteen-year-old, is one of the many girls from her school to receive a disturbing email from her classmate Chisa Yomoda—the very same Chisa who recently committed suicide. Lain has neither the desire nor the experience to handle even basic technology; yet, when the technophobe opens the email, it leads her straight into the Wired, a virtual world of communication networks similar to what we know as the internet. Lain's life is turned upside down as she begins to encounter cryptic mysteries one after another. Strange men called the Men in Black begin to appear wherever she goes, asking her questions and somehow knowing more about her than even she herself knows. With the boundaries between reality and cyberspace rapidly blurring, Lain is plunged into more surreal and bizarre events where identity, consciousness, and perception are concepts that take on new meanings.Written by Chiaki J. Konaka, whose other works include Texhnolyze, Serial Experiments Lain is a psychological avant-garde mystery series that follows Lain as she makes crucial choices that will affect both the real world and the Wired. In closing one world and opening another, only Lain will realize the significance of their presence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2063, space travel is feasible and commercially available. As the cheerful Aries Spring arrives at the spaceport to attend a camp on the distant planet McPa, her purse is suddenly snatched by a reckless thief. Luckily, the athletic Kanata Hoshijima is able to retrieve it for her, and Aries soon discovers that he is among the group of teenagers who will be traveling with her on the excursion as team B-5.Upon arriving at their campsite, the group's trip takes a turn for the worse when a strange sphere of black light sucks them into the vast reaches of outer space. Stranded with seemingly no hope, they find an abandoned ship nearby that provides them with the means to return home. However, they soon discover that they are not as close to their campsite as they initially thought, but are in fact thousands of light-years away from home.With this realization, the nine members must cautiously manage their resources, maintain their strength, and unite as one to conquer the darkness of space together. While the reason behind their trip's sudden obstruction remains unknown, they nevertheless embark on the treacherous voyage back home aboard their new ship, the Astra.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2311 AD, a world that once saw itself full of inter-continental conflict now stands unified, led by the Earth Sphere Federation (ESF). The ESF established a preventative military task force known as the A-Laws, tasking them with shutting down violent terrorist organizations. As they gain more and more legal authority, the A-Laws begin to twist the law to fit their own agenda, ruling the citizens of Earth with a heavy hand.In response to the fascistic behavior of the A-Laws, the anti-terrorist group Celestial Being reappears. Led by state-of-the-art mobile suits known as Gundam, the pilots of Celestial Being wage a new war with the A-Laws, aiming to stop their tyrannical abuse of power.Setsuna F. Seiei, pilot of the Gundam Exia, helps to lead the charge along with his fellow Gundam Meisters Lockon Stratos, Allelujah Haptism, and Tieria Erde. But in the process, Setsuna stumbles upon a conspiratorial plot spearheaded by a new faction, the Innovators, and must contend with his own old wounds and ghosts of the past in order to save a world that despises him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High schooler Ganta Nakami has trouble falling asleep most nights. As a result, he is irritable at school, always searching for an opportunity to find a secluded place to doze off. On the other hand, Isaki Magari is a free spirit who is well liked by her friends, but no one is aware of her sleep disorder. She makes use of the school's abandoned astronomy club observatory as her secret sleeping bunker when she needs to get some shut-eye. As fate would have it, Nakami finds Magari napping in the observatory. When Magari discovers that she and Nakami have something in common, she offers to share her secret sleeping spot with her fellow insomniac. As the two find warmth in each other's company, the struggles they face start to become easier to confront.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hailing from America, Jabberwock—a street basketball team with skills comparable to those of the NBA—has come to Japan to play an exhibition match against Strky, a team of former third-year students who once played in the Interhigh and Winter Cup. However, due to the vast difference in skill, Jabberwock easily wins. Their captain, Nash Gold Jr., mocks the basketball style of all players in Japan by comparing them to monkeys.Infuriated by the nasty comment, Kagetora Aida challenges them to a revenge match. Because of pride and the belief that the results will be no different, Nash accepts the challenge. Kagetora then assembles Vorpal Swords, a team composed of the Generation of Miracles, including Kuroko Tetsuya and Kagami Taiga, for they are the only ones who stand a chance against a foe that seems unbeatable from every angle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One morning, at the observation deck of the Bell Tree Tower, a man is suddenly shot dead by an unknown sniper. Conan Edogawa, who happened to be visiting as the murder occurred, rushes to apprehend the sniper but fails to do so. He later learns that the suspect for the incident, Timothy Hunter, is a former member of the Navy Special Ops squad and was already being investigated for a previous murder case. The FBI believes that there are at least three people Timothy wants dead. However, after the deaths of two of them, Timothy himself is killed, throwing the investigation into disarray.As they lose their only lead, news about the assassinations spreads across Tokyo, leaving the city in a state of panic. It is up to Conan to find and catch the culprit in the hope of putting an end to this sniping spree terror.[Written by MAL Rewrite]E-Rantel, the capital city of the newly established Sorcerer Kingdom, suffers from a dire shortage of goods. Once a prosperous city known for its trade, it now faces a crisis due to its caution—or even fear—of its king, Ainz Ooal Gown. To make amends, Ainz sends Albedo to the city as a diplomatic envoy.Meanwhile, the cardinals of the Slane Theocracy discuss how to retaliate against Ainz after his attack crippled the Re-Estize Kingdom's army, plotting for the Baharuth Empire to take over the Sorcerer Kingdom. However, when Emperor Jircniv Rune Farlord El Nix arranges a meeting with the Theocracy's messengers at a colosseum, he is confronted by none other than Ainz himself.With their secret gathering now out in the open, the emperor and his guests learn that Ainz has challenged the Warrior King, the empire's greatest fighter, to a duel. With Ainz's motivations beyond his comprehension, Jircniv can do nothing but watch as humanity's future changes before his very eyes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tucked in the mountains near the elite Kunugigaoka Middle School lies a small derelict building that houses the delinquents and dropouts of Class 3-E. Looked down upon by their peers, the students in this class appear to have little hope in advancing their academic careers. That is, until the national government tasks them with eliminating the greatest threat to their planet: their new teacher. Having already destroyed the moon, the octopus-like professor—dubbed "Koro-sensei"—has now threatened to destroy the Earth by March of the following year. In light of their mission, the students have found that killing him is easier said than done. Not only can Koro-sensei move at speeds of up to Mach 20, but he can also resist almost every earthly weapon. Ironically, he also proves to be one of the best teachers Class 3-E has ever had. Training the class to excel in both their studies as students and skills as assassins, Koro-sensei is confident that his students' ingenuity and indomitable will could return them to the main campus. Through trial and error, Nagisa Shiota, as well as the other students of Class 3-E, must figure out Koro-sensei's weaknesses—and fast, for the very fate of the world depends upon it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At UA Academy, not even a violent attack can disrupt their most prestigious event: the school sports festival. Renowned across Japan, this festival is an opportunity for aspiring heroes to showcase their abilities, both to the public and potential recruiters.However, the path to glory is never easy, especially for Izuku Midoriya—whose quirk possesses great raw power but is also cripplingly inefficient. Pitted against his talented classmates, such as the fire and ice wielding Shouto Todoroki, Izuku must utilize his sharp wits and master his surroundings to achieve victory and prove to the world his worth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shidou Itsuka faces greater peril than ever due to his continued involvement with Ratatoskr. He has already sealed 10 Spirits, and Isaac Westcott, leader of Deus Ex Machina Industries, has finally decided to kill Shidou and plunder the Spirits' powers for himself.To achieve his goal, Isaac declares an all-out war against Ratatoskr, forcing the organization to exhaust its resources to ensure Shidou's survival. Despite being severely outnumbered and outmatched, a glimmer of hope exists in the form of the Spirit of Time, Kurumi Tokisaki. Shidou must seal and acquire Kurumi's power to travel to the past and confront the Spirit of Origin—the catalyst that started it all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After seeing enough death and tragedy, the immortal Fushi secludes himself on an island, defending himself from enemy Nokkers. However, instead of attacking Fushi in isolation, Nokkers begin targeting the settlements outside of his reach in hopes of luring him out. Soon, a group known as the Guardians—led by Hisame, the descendant of the deceased warrior Hayase—finds Fushi.Inspired by how Fushi protected Janada Island from the Nokkers years ago, the Guardians have grown a considerable following and are recognized throughout the world. Initially reluctant, Fushi allows the Guardians to accompany him to the site of the Nokkers' recent attack. In their village, Fushi meets a few valuable allies, both new and old. But as the conflict with the Nokkers only leads to more loss, Fushi must find the inner strength to face his inevitable sorrow.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Led by Reinhard von Müsel, the Galactic Empire crushes the Free Planets Alliance in the Fourth Battle of Tiamat. Arriving in the Imperial capital of Odin to a hero's welcome, Reinhard's victory earns him a promotion to High Admiral and the distinguished title of Count von Lohengramm. On the other side, Yang Wen-li safely returns to the Alliance capital of Heinessen without fanfare and reunites with his dear friends.Reinhard and Yang look forward to a long-awaited reprieve. However, at the request of the scheming Duke Otho von Braunschweig, the Imperial High Command orders the new High Admiral to invade the Alliance with a fleet of twenty thousand ships. After the Duke leaks the plan to the Alliance government, three fleets totalling forty thousand ships are sent to counter the incoming attack and recreate the famous Battle of Dagon. But even though Reinhard is outnumbered two to one, he has an ingenious plan—and Yang sees right through it. Will Yang's superiors heed his warning before it is too late?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to the arrival of aliens called the "Amanto," the samurai of feudal Japan have fallen into misery and despair. Denied their swords and stature, they are now treated as an object of pity and utter disregard while the Amanto mercilessly terrorizes the country.To restore the reputation of the samurai, the Anti-Foreigner Faction leader Kotarou Katsura resolves to eradicate the Amanto—even if he must resort to violent methods. With a giant mecha at his disposal, he plans to initiate an attack against the Shinsengumi, an army of skillful samurai dedicated to protecting the peace of Edo.Meanwhile, Yorozuya owner Gintoki Sakata and his friends are out to see the cherry blossoms. However, they are interrupted when the Shinsengumi show up, claiming Gintoki has stolen their spot for flower-viewing. Quickly spiraling into a frenzied quarrel, the two groups settle the fight through a game of rock-paper-scissors—albeit with rather brutal methods.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite having the upper hand, BC Freedom High School suffers a thorough defeat at the hands of Ooarai Girls Academy. Following their victory, the Ooarai girls decide to take a break before the next round. After discovering that Momo Kawashima is taking care of her family while studying for the university entrance exams, the rest of the Ooarai team become more determined to win the Winter Continuous Track Cup for the sake of Momo and her family.Meanwhile, the second round of the tournament has started, and Ooarai now has to face Chi-Ha-Tan Academy. Having learned from the first round to not underestimate their enemies, Ooarai slowly approaches their opponent on the thick jungle battlefield.Despite their best attempts to be cautious, Ooarai is immediately put in a difficult situation as Chi-Ha-Tan employs several new strategies devised by Haru Fukuda. Finding themselves between a rock and a hard place, Ooarai must claw their way out to claim another comeback victory and keep their championship hopes alive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thrown into solitary confinement after a daring rescue attempt, Jolyne Kuujou fights to uncover the sinister plot of Whitesnake, an enemy Stand whose mysterious wielder remains unknown to her.Whitesnake's user is actually Enrico Pucci, priest and chaplain of Green Dolphin Street Prison. Pucci shares a deep connection with a villain who once plagued the Joestar bloodline, making his feud with Jolyne and her father, Joutarou, a personal one. Intent on executing the master plan of his deceased friend, Pucci uses the prison and its inmates to fulfill his nefarious schemes.Assisted by fellow prisoners, like Ermes Costello and Foo Fighters, Jolyne battles several enemy Stand users. As the ramifications of Pucci's plot spread beyond the confines of the prison and begin to threaten the rest of the world, Jolyne embraces her family lineage and risks her life to put an end to evil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The qualifiers of the Autumn Elections are now over, and only eight talented chefs remain. Now, they face off in one-on-one food wars, each with their own unique themes. Met with both new judges and new opponents all with their own specialties, Souma must stay on his toes if he hopes to make it to the top of both the Autumn Elections and Tootsuki Culinary Academy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Day in and day out, Kyouko Mogami works multiple jobs to support her childhood friend, Shoutarou "Shou" Fuwa, in his rise to stardom as an idol. She never complains about her way of life, as she is deeply infatuated with Shou and would go to the ends of the world for him. However, her heart is broken when she overhears Shou talk about how he views her as nothing more than a maid he cares little for. Angered over being used, Kyouko flies into a rage and swears to get revenge on her former crush by entering the world of showbiz to surpass him. Joining the relentless and unforgiving entertainment industry proves to be a challenge, as she continuously meets people who force her out of her comfort zone. But for the sake of vengeance, Kyouko is determined to push herself and rise to the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With her ability to read minds, Anya Forger is the only one who knows the true identities of her unconventional family. Her pretend father Loid operates as an elite spy code-named Twilight; her mother Yor kills on demand as the assassin Thorn Princess; and their dog, Bond, possesses the gift of precognition. Although they hide the truth from each other, this pretense of a perfectly ordinary family provides Anya with the genuine love and warmth that she longed for as an orphan.Operation Strix—Loid's special mission to avoid potential war by gathering vital information and getting close to the powerful political figure, Donovan Desmond—is only possible if Anya plays her part right. She can either excel academically and become an Imperial Scholar at her prestigious school or make friends with Donovan's son, Damian. Neither is exactly easy, but with her adventurous attitude, Anya throws herself wholeheartedly into her mission as a Forger—all for the sake of international peace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryuuji Takasu is a gentle high school student with a love for housework; but in contrast to his kind nature, he has an intimidating face that often gets him labeled as a delinquent. On the other hand is Taiga Aisaka, a small, doll-like student, who is anything but a cute and fragile girl. Equipped with a wooden katana and feisty personality, Taiga is known throughout the school as the "Palmtop Tiger."One day, an embarrassing mistake causes the two students to cross paths. Ryuuji discovers that Taiga actually has a sweet side: she has a crush on the popular vice president, Yuusaku Kitamura, who happens to be his best friend. But things only get crazier when Ryuuji reveals that he has a crush on Minori Kushieda—Taiga's best friend!Toradora! is a romantic comedy that follows this odd duo as they embark on a quest to help each other with their respective crushes, forming an unlikely alliance in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixth grader Sana Kurata has a perfect life. Her mother is a (fairly) successful author, she has a young man employed to keep her happy and safe, and best of all, she is the star of the children's television show Kodomo no Omocha. There's just one thing bothering her, and that's Akito Hayama.Akito is a classmate of Sana's, and ever since he's started acting out in class, the rest of the boys have followed his example. Every day, the girls and the teacher wage a battle to keep the class under control and to get some actual learning done. That rotten Akito… Sana won't stand for this!The hyperactive Sana decides to dig deeper and find out what makes Akito tick, so class can go back to normal and the teacher can stop spending every day crying instead of teaching. But the more she learns about him, the more she realizes that there might be more to Akito than meets the eye. In 2024, the terrorist incident known as "The Laughing Man Incident" occurred in which Ernest Serano, president of the groundbreaking micromachine company, Serano Genomics, was kidnapped and ransomed. One day, the case having remained unsolved for six years, Detective Yamaguchi, who has been investigating "The Laughing Man Incident," sends word that he wants to meet with Togusa from Public Safety Section 9. However, soon after sending this message, Yamaguchi, crucial to the success of the case, dies in an accident. Many days pass and in the midst of a police interview relay concerning suspicions behind interceptors, a forewarning is received from "The Laughing Man" of his next crime. The incorporeal hacker begins to move once again.(Source: ANN) Two transfer students, Mitsuhashi Takashi and Itou Shinji, tired of their boring normal life and unpopularity decide to take their arrival at a new school as an opportunity to reinvent their image, and become delinquents! Itou's justice clashing with Mitsuhashi's mischievous ways, they initially antagonize one another but soon become fast friends. The delinquent duo set out on various misadventures to become the greatest delinquents in all Japan!Once again, Kaitou Kid crosses swords with Conan Edogawa in this annual installment of the Detective Conan movie franchise. After receiving a letter from the thief, famous actress Juri Maki seeks the help of private detective Kogorou Mouri to protect the Star Sapphire—the "Jewel of Destiny," said to represent faith, fate, and hope. Thinking he has deciphered Kid's riddle, Kogorou personally shows up to the newly constructed space theater where Juri is acting in the play "Josephine" in order to catch Kid in the act.The next day, Conan and the gang are invited by Juri to her holiday home, to celebrate the thwarting of Kid's plan and the success of the play. However, their triumph crumbles when a murder occurs during the flight there. Although unintentional, this sets off a series of events that escalate to catastrophic results. Conan and Kid, unlikely allies that they are, must work together to save both their friends and every other passenger aboard the plane.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Upon hearing news that islands in East Blue are being destroyed, Monkey D. Luffy and his crew go to investigate. On their way, however, an outlandish pirate ship appears out of the sky, helmed by the infamous pirate Shiki "the Golden Lion"—a man who ate the Float-Float Fruit and the first ever prisoner to escape from Impel Down. In his quest to defeat the World Government, Shiki kidnaps Nami to be his own navigator and sends the rest of the Straw Hat Pirates to his floating islands as hostages, leaving her in a dilemma. Separated in a land under Shiki's absolute control, Luffy and his crew must survive the mystifying terrain in order to bring back their navigator and friend.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At Suimei High, the Sakura-sou dormitory is infamous for housing the school's most notorious delinquents. Thus, when the relatively tame Sorata Kanda is transferred to the dorm, escaping this insane asylum becomes his foremost goal. Trapped there for the time being, he must learn how to deal with his fellow residents, including bubbly animator Misaki Kamiigusa, charming playboy writer Jin Mitaka, and the ever-reclusive Ryuunosuke Akasaka. Surrounded by weirdness, Sorata frequently finds respite in his interactions with his one "normal" friend, aspiring voice actress Nanami Aoyama.When Mashiro Shiina—a new foreign exchange student—joins the dormitory, Sorata is instantly enraptured by her beauty. Underneath her otherworldly appearance, Mashiro is an autistic savant, capable of world-renowned brilliance in her art, yet unable to perform simple daily tasks. After Sorata ends up in charge of taking care of Mashiro, the two inevitably grow closer, with Sorata's initial desire to escape the dormitory becoming a forgotten goal.Despite their eccentricities, every resident is incredible in their own field, leaving Sorata to contend with his own lack of any particular skill. With brilliance all around him, he thus strives to become an equal to their talent. Revolving around the hardships and joys of its colorful cast, Sakura-sou no Pet na Kanojo is a heartwarming coming-of-age tale of friendship, love, ambition, and heartbreak—through the lens of an ordinary person surrounded by the extraordinary.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Meng Chuan witnessed his mother killed before his eyes, so he trained very hard hoping to one day avenge her death. But his peaceful days were broken as his wedding engagement was called off, an invasion by foreign forces, the sanctuary fell into enemy hands... In order to protect the people of Ning City, he picked up his sword and vowed to be the strongest. This is a heavy responsibility and a long journeyRyo Saeba is a private detective, but has another face as a sweeper who cleans the city of evil. He is able enough, but has a bad habit of getting over-excited about beautiful women. It is his partner Kaori Makimura's job to protect those beautiful female clients from Ryo's sexual harassment.(Source: Sunrise)Three years ago, Na lan Yan Ran dropped her engagement, which made the Xiao family a laughing stock in the eyes of the Empire. Xiao Yan trained for three whole years through mountains and deserts to regain his honor. He will prove by himself that everything in this world can be changed, so do not underestimate the young. Today he will put an end to the history of his past, because the future awaits him!Adventuring knight Laios Touden leads a small party through a seemingly endless dungeon, a subterranean maze full of dangerous monsters and precarious traps. Through the use of advanced magic, an explorer can sometimes be resurrected, allowing them to learn from past mistakes and give traversing the dungeon another go. However, when a powerful dragon eats Falin, Laios' spellcasting sister, she sends her brother and his companions back to the beginning to save them from permanent ends.Though strapped for cash and equipment, Laios resolves to fight his way through the dungeon and rescue Falin before she can be digested by the dragon. Despite some of Laios' allies abandoning him, two remain by his side: elven mage Marcille Donato and halfling locksmith Chilchuck Tims. Due to their lack of funds, the party faces the daunting prospect of starving before being able to complete their quest. However, they find salvation in Senshi, a dwarven warrior with a penchant for cooking and safely eating defeated monsters.With Senshi's culinary expertise, Laios and his companions struggle through the dungeon while learning about gourmet dining—and each other—along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Some of the characters get together and talk about "regrets" they have after 4 years of anime Gintama. Soon they fight over who gets more screen time. Special animation shown at the Gintama Haru Matsuri 2010 live event.Two Girls. One Dream. And the entire world for a stage.At 13 years old, Maya Kitajima seems destined to spend the rest of her life toiling in a crowded restaurant alongside her bitter and unstable mother. But when her incredible acting talent is discovered by the legendary diva Chigusa Tsukikage, Maya finds a new future filled with both golden opportunities and terrifying risks. For Ayumi Himekawa, success has always been assured, yet she longs to be recognized for her own talents and skills, not her famous parents' connections. For both, the ultimate prize is the role of The Crimson Goddess in the play of the same name, a part created by Chigusa. To achieve this goal, both Maya and Ayumi must seek out and conquer every acting challenge, pushing the limits of their talent and endurance to the utmost, until they are worthy of the part…But for one to win, the other must fail! (Source: Sentai Filmworks)While searching through his grandfather's attic, Hikaru Shindou stumbles upon an old go board. Touching it, he is greeted by a mysterious voice, and soon after falls unconscious. When he regains his senses, he discovers that the voice is still present and belongs to Fujiwara no Sai, the spirit of an ancient go expert. A go instructor for the Japanese Emperor in the Heian Era, Sai's passion for the game transcends time and space, allowing him to continue playing his beloved game as a ghostly entity. Sai's ultimate goal is to master a divine go technique that no player has achieved so far, and he seeks to accomplish this by playing the board game through Hikaru.Despite having no interest in board games, Hikaru reluctantly agrees to play, executing moves as instructed by Sai. However, when he encounters the young go prodigy Akira Touya, a passion for the game is slowly ignited within him. Inspired by his newfound rival, Hikaru's journey into the world of go is just beginning.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Winter is approaching, and Myne—now an apprentice priestess—must prepare for her stay at the church and the upcoming Dedication Ceremony. However, due to her immense knowledge and extraordinary amount of mana, she has garnered the attention of many dangerous people, who are willing to do anything to get their hands on Myne.To keep her safe, the Head Priest assigns Myne a bodyguard and advises her to be adopted by a noble, a decision that will force her to leave her family behind. As Myne is opposed to the idea, the Head Priest gives her an ultimatum: she can be with her family until she turns 10, but if she is deemed too unstable, she will immediately be dealt with.Placed in a tough position, Myne is uncertain about her future. Despite the twists that may lie ahead, she will do whatever she can to protect those that she loves—even if it means giving up on her dream.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school freshman Houtarou Oreki has but one goal: to lead a gray life while conserving as much energy as he can. Unfortunately, his peaceful days come to an end when his older sister, Tomoe, forces him to save the memberless Classics Club from disbandment.Luckily, Oreki's predicament seems to be over when he heads to the clubroom and discovers that his fellow first-year, Eru Chitanda, has already become a member. However, despite his obligation being fulfilled, Oreki finds himself entangled by Chitanda's curious and bubbly personality, soon joining the club of his own volition.Hyouka follows the four members of the Classics Club—including Oreki's friends Satoshi Fukube and Mayaka Ibara—as they, driven by Chitanda's insatiable curiosity, solve the trivial yet intriguing mysteries that permeate their daily lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Death is one of many mysteries that has left humanity in the dark since the dawn of time. However, the burning question of what happens to the soul after one dies is soon answered to 17-year-old Yuzuru Otonashi. Waking up with no previous memories in a dimension between life and death, he discovers the unsettling truth of the afterlife.  Taking the form of a high school, this bizarre dimension is designated to shelter those who died unwanted deaths. Feeling wronged by God during their earthly lives, the school's residents have decided to form the Afterlife Battlefront—a rebellious faction determined to oppose their god-like student council president, Kanade "Angel" Tachibana. The group's leader, Yuri Nakamura, recruits Otonashi in their fight against Angel in order to take control of their own lives. However, questioning the morality behind their actions, Otonashi takes a step behind the enemy lines to understand the opposing side of their common fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu Gaiden (1999) is the second of two OVA adaptations of side stories from the Ginga Eiyuu Densetsu novel series. This second adaptation follows the achievements of Yang Wen-li of the Free Planets Alliance before the fateful Battle of Astarte, and continues the tales of Reinhard von Müsel and Siegfried Kircheis of the Galactic Empire.Spiral LabyrinthYang is propelled to the spotlight after his famous evacuation of civilians from El Facil. Following an unofficial double promotion and a flurry of media attention, he chronicles his research of the Year 730 Mafia—a close-knit group of Alliance military officers centered around the famed tactician Bruce Ashbey. He investigates a startling claim by Ashbey's deceased widow that may have enormous political ramifications: that the great war hero was not killed in action but murdered.The MutineerReinhard and Kircheis are posted on the destroyer Hameln II, docked at Iserlohn Fortress. After gaining the respect of the crew, Reinhard's leadership is tested when the captain is severely wounded and passes command authority to Reinhard, the next-highest ranking officer on deck.The DuelistWhile Reinhard and Kircheis are working in the Imperial capital Odin, Reinhard learns of a mining rights dispute involving Dorothea von Schaffhausen, a friend of his sister Annerose von Grünewald. Upon hearing that Count Herxheimer intends to settle the matter with a duel, Reinhard volunteers to represent the Schaffhausen family.The RetrieverAfter falling out of favor with the nobility, Count Herxheimer is trying to escape to the Free Planets Alliance with a stolen Seffle particle generator prototype. Reinhard is tasked with retrieving both the prototype and the defector, but is only assigned the cruiser Hässliche Entlein due to the confidential nature of the mission.The Third Battle of TiamatTo commemorate the 30th year of the reign of Kaiser Friedrich IV, the Empire announces a large-scale military campaign against the Free Planets Alliance. In the ensuing clash between the Imperial expeditionary force and three Alliance fleets, Reinhard's timely intervention shapes the tides of war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Inter-High has finally arrived for Karasuno High School's volleyball team. Their opponent at the tournament is Date Tech High School—the team that crushed Karasuno the year prior. The loss brings back anxiety and fear for the team's second- and third-years as they were unable to overcome Date's "read block." With the dynamic freshmen duo Shouyou Hinata and Tobio Kageyama on their side, will Karasuno be able to overcome their past and break through the iron wall?Awaiting Karasuno in the next round is the elite Aoba Jousai High School, led by the cunning captain Tooru Oikawa. Coming from the same middle school as Kageyama, Oikawa is a talented and unpredictable setter with a grudge against his former teammate. It is a battle between genius setters to decide who will continue on in the Inter-High.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ichiro Hanada is a hyperactive little boy who lives with his parents, sister, and grandfather in a rural town. He is always up to some kind of mischief, often teasing his sister or making rude comments to others. Consequently, his mother constantly scolds him, and even the neighbours express disturbance from time to time on how rowdy he can be.One day, after pulling a terrible prank, Ichiro sprints onto the streets as his mother chases him. He steals a nearby bicycle and takes on a dangerous route, eventually being hit by a truck. Miraculously, he survives the crash, requiring nine stitches to the back of his head and balding for the surgery. However, the near-death experience gains him the ability to see ghosts—the last thing he needs in his life.Since Ichiro is the only one who can communicate with them, several ghosts of people who have recently died come to him, seeking help to fulfill their last wishes before achieving enlightenment. Each adventure with a ghost leaves the young and curious boy with a different lesson that gradually makes him wiser.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.Over three hundred years have passed since the Calamity War, the great conflict between Earth and its outer space colonies. Now Earth is ruled over by four economic blocs, and the military organization Gjallarhorn is responsible for keeping the peace. Mars, on the other hand, depends heavily on Earth's economy.Horrified by the appalling living conditions that Mars' inhabitants have to bear, Kudelia Aina Bernstein, a young aristocrat from the Chryse Autonomous Region, gets involved in the Red Planet's independence movement. She hires the services of a local company, Chryse Guard Security (CGS), to escort her on the journey to Earth to negotiate economic conditions with the earthly bloc that controls the region. The Third Army Division—consisting of Mikazuki Augus, Orga Itsuka, and many other child soldiers—are chosen to protect her.When Gjallarhorn attacks the CGS facilities to assassinate the young revolutionary threatening their interests, Orga and his comrades must not let the attackers accomplish their goal—in fact, Gjallarhorn's actions might turn out to be the unintentional catalyst that leads the children to be the forgers of their own destiny.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the last three years, Teikou Middle School has dominated the national basketball scene with its legendary lineup: the "Generation of Miracles." It consisted of five prodigies who excelled at the sport, but a "Phantom Sixth Man" lurked in the shadows and helped earn the team their revered status. Eventually, their monstrous growth jaded them from the sport they loved and made them go their separate ways in high school.In search of new members, the Seirin High School basketball team recruits Taiga Kagami and Tetsuya Kuroko, two freshmen who seem to have significant differences in abilities. Having returned recently from America, Kagami has both a natural aptitude and relentless love for the sport. Meanwhile, Kuroko lacks presence and exhibits no outstanding athletic talent. However, it is later revealed that he is Teikou's Phantom Sixth Man—the player once part of the Generation of Miracles.Kuroko wants to prove to the Seirin team that he is strong in his own way. Seeing his conviction, Kagami forms a dynamic partnership with Kuroko, the latter promising to support Kagami's "light" as his "shadow." Alongside their new Seirin teammates, they aim to conquer the upcoming Interhigh championship, but the reappearance of Kuroko's former teammates complicates their plan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Full of wonder and excitement, the Noah's Arc Circus troupe has captured audiences with their dazzling performances. Yet these fantastic acts do not come without a price. Children have mysteriously gone missing around London, correlating to that of the group's movements. Unsettled by these kidnappings, Queen Victoria sends in her notorious guard dog, Ciel Phantomhive; and his ever-faithful demon butler, Sebastian Michaelis, on an undercover mission to find these missing children.Trying to balance their new circus acts with their covert investigation under the big top, however, proves to be quite a challenge. With the other performers growing suspicious and the threat of the circus' mysterious benefactor looming overhead, what the two discover will shake Ciel to his very core.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the behest of the Queen, Earl Ciel Phantomhive hosts a lavish dinner party attended by several of the finest members of polite society—as well as struggling author, Arthur. But as the party reaches its high, a terrible murder takes place and none other than the Earl himself is suspected of the crime.As a violent storm rages on outside, the death count continues to climb. The Phantomhive household and their eminent guests find they must cooperate in order to solve this mystery before they too fall prey to the mysterious murderer. However, it seems that not even the perfect butler, Sebastian Michaelis, is safe from this horror.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chise Hatori, a 15-year-old Japanese girl, was sold for five million pounds at an auction to a tall masked gentleman. Abandoned at a young age and ridiculed by her peers for her unconventional behavior, she was ready to give herself to any buyer if it meant having a place to go home to. In chains and on her way to an unknown fate, she hears whispers from robed men along her path, gossiping and complaining that such a buyer got his hands on a rare Sleigh Beggy.Ignoring the murmurs, the mysterious man leads the girl to a study, where he reveals himself to be Elias Ainsworth—a magus. After a brief confrontation and a bit of teleportation magic, the two open their eyes to Elias' picturesque cottage in rural England. Greeted by fairies and surrounded by weird and wonderful beings upon her arrival, these events mark the beginning of Chise's story as the apprentice and supposed bride of the ancient magus.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixteen sentient races inhabit Disboard, a world overseen by Tet, the One True God. The lowest of the sixteen—Imanity—consists of humans, a race with no affinity for magic. In a place where everything is decided through simple games, humankind seems to have no way out of their predicament—but the arrival of two outsiders poses a change.On Earth, stepsiblings Sora and Shiro are two inseparable shut-ins who dominate various online games under the username "Blank." While notorious on the internet, the pair believe that life is merely another dull game. However, after responding to a message from an unknown user, they are suddenly transported to Disboard. The mysterious sender turns out to be Tet, who informs them about the world's absolute rules. After Tet leaves, Sora and Shiro begin their search for more information and a place to stay, taking them to Elkia—Imanity's only remaining kingdom.There, the duo encounters Stephanie Dola, an emotional girl vying for the kingdom's sovereignty. In desperation, she attempts to regain her father's throne, but her foolhardiness makes her goal unachievable. Inspired by the girl's motivation and passion, Sora and Shiro decide to aid Stephanie in getting Elkia back on its feet, ultimately aiming to become the new rulers of the enigmatic realm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kamisama, SuterareruRiding the high of a heartfelt kiss she shared with her familiar Tomoe, Nanami Momozono seems like nothing can bring her down. However, that changes when she witnesses Tomoe receive a mysterious black box and claim that possessing it, he no longer needs Nanami. By creating the perfect diversion, Nanami is determined to find out what this box contains.Kamisama, Onsen ni IkuAfter Nanami overhears her familiar Mizuki talk about her possibly being too spoiled by Tomoe, she becomes hell-bent on proving her capability to be independent. During her trip with Tomoe to a hot spring hotel, Nanami learns about a stone that allegedly grants a lifetime of happiness to couples who touch it together. However, the long path to the stone may prove a bit overwhelming as long as Nanami refuses Tomoe's help.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the backwater town of Bellforest lives a 14-year-old boy named Renton Thurston. He desires to leave his home behind and join the mercenary group known as Gekkostate, hoping to find some adventure to brighten up his mundane life. However, stuck between his grandfather's insistence to become a mechanic like him and the pressure of his deceased father's legacy, the only excitement Renton finds is in his pastime of riding the Trapar wave particles that are dispersed throughout the air, an activity akin to surfing.Everything changes when an unknown object crashes through Renton's garage, discovered to be a Light Finding Operation—a robot capable of riding the Trapar waves—specifically known as the Nirvash typeZERO. Its pilot is a young girl named Eureka, a member of the Gekkostate, who requests a tune-up for the Nirvash. Their meeting sparks the beginning of Renton's involvement with the Gekkostate as he takes off alongside Eureka as the co-pilot of the Nirvash.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shibuya, Tokyo, is bustling with the Halloween season. A wedding is being held at Shibuya Hikarie, where Sato is dressed in a wedding dress. While Conan and the other invited guests are watching, an assailant suddenly bursts in, and Takagi, who was trying to protect Sato, is injured. Takagi survived and the situation was settled, but in Sato's eyes, the image of the grim reaper that she had seen when Jinpei Matsuda, the man she had been in love with, had been killed in a series of bombings three years ago, overlapped with Takagi's.At the same time, the perpetrator of the bombings escapes from prison. Rei Furuya/Toru Amuro, a member of the public safety police, is hunting down the man who killed his classmate, but a mysterious person in disguise suddenly appears and puts a collar bomb on him.Conan visits the underground shelter where Amuro is hiding out to disarm the collar bomb, and hears about an incident three years ago when he and his now deceased classmates from the police academy encountered an unidentified virtual bomber named "Plamya" in Shibuya. As Conan and his team investigate, a disturbing shadow begins to loom over them.(Source: Detective Conan World)Suffering from frequent asthma attacks, young Anna Sasaki is quiet, unsociable, and isolated from her peers, causing her foster parent endless worry. Upon recommendation by the doctor, Anna is sent to the countryside, in hope that the cleaner air and more relaxing lifestyle will improve her health and help clear her mind. Engaging in her passion for sketching, Anna spends her summer days living with her aunt and uncle in a small town near the sea.One day while wandering outside, Anna discovers an abandoned mansion known as the Marsh House. However, she soon finds that the residence isn't as vacant as it appears to be, running into a mysterious girl named Marnie. Marnie's bubbly demeanor slowly begins to draw Anna out of her shell as she returns night after night to meet with her new friend. But it seems there is more to the strange girl than meets the eye—as her time in the town nears its end, Anna begins to discover the truth behind the walls of the Marsh House.Omoide no Marnie tells the touching story of a young girl's journey through self-discovery and friendship, and the summer that she will remember for the rest of her life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hades is planning to take over the world, to achieve that goal, he sends out deceased Gold Saints to take Athena's head. Seiya and the other Bronze Saints come to help but their help isn't appreciated by the remaining Gold Saints that are still alive. (Source: ANN)Whenever he is not getting pummeled in the karate club after school, high schooler Kenichi Shirahama can be found with his head buried in one of the many self-help books he carries with him every day. One day, on the way to school, Kenichi accidentally frightens the new student in his class, leading her to throw him down onto the ground. After apologizing for her violent reflexes, she introduces herself as Miu Furinji and asks Kenichi to be her friend.Later that day, after karate club practice, Kenichi is given an ultimatum by one of the other club members: they will fight next week and the loser has to quit the club permanently. While lamenting his imminent defeat in the upcoming fight, Kenichi witnesses Miu fend off three thugs easily. Fed up with being perpetually bullied by those more powerful than him, he asks Miu for tips on how to become a better fighter. She directs Kenichi to her grandfather's dojo, Ryouzanpaku, where several skilled—albeit strange—masters of extreme martial arts have gathered to hone their abilities. Miu promises that Kenichi will become significantly stronger, but only if he manages to stay alive.With those ominous words looming in his mind and the appearance of a criminal martial arts gang known as "Ragnarok" threatening the safety of those around him, Kenichi takes the first step on his journey to become a world-class fighter and a defender of the defenseless.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Through their tutor Fuutarou Uesugi's diligent guidance, the Nakano quintuplets' academic performance shows signs of improvement, even if their path to graduation is still rocky. However, as they continue to cause various situations that delay any actual tutoring, Fuutarou becomes increasingly involved with their personal lives, further complicating their relationship with each other.On another note, Fuutarou slowly begins to realize the existence of a possible connection between him and the past he believes to have shared with one of the five girls. With everyone's feelings beginning to develop and overlap, will they be able to keep their bond strictly to that of a teacher and his students—or will it mature into something else entirely?[Written by MAL Rewrite]It has been 10 years since Heaven's Gate appeared in South America and Hell's Gate appeared in Japan, veiling the once familiar night sky with an oppressive skyscape. Their purposes unknown, these Gates are spaces in which the very laws of physics are ignored. With the appearance of the Gates emerged Contractors, who, in exchange for their humanity, are granted supernatural abilities.In the Japanese city surrounding Hell’s Gate, Section 4 Chief Misaki Kirihara finds herself at odds with an infamous Contractor codenamed Hei. Called "Black Reaper" in the underground world, Hei, like his associates, undertakes missions for the mysterious and ruthless Syndicate while slowly peeling back the dark layers covering a nefarious plot that threatens the very existence of Contractors.From the mind of Tensai Okamura comes a sci-fi thriller taking the form of a subtle exposé on a war in which political positions and justice have no sway—a war waged exclusively in the shadows.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hole—a dark, decrepit, and disorderly district where the strong prey on the weak and death is an ordinary occurrence—is all but befitting of the name given to it. A realm separated from law and ethics, it is a testing ground to the magic users who dominate it. As a race occupying the highest rungs of their society, the magic users think of the denizens of Hole as no more than insects. Murdered, mutilated, and made experiments without a second thought, the powerless Hole dwellers litter the halls of Hole's hospital on a daily basis.Possessing free access to and from the cesspool, and with little challenge to their authority, the magic users appear indomitable to most—aside for a few. Caiman, more reptile than man, is one such individual. He hunts them on a heedless quest for answers with only a trusted pair of bayonets and his immunity to magic. Cursed by his appearance and tormented by nightmares, magic users are his only clue to restoring his life to normal. With his biggest obstacle being his stomach, his female companion Nikaidou, who runs the restaurant Hungry Bug, is his greatest ally.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As Mikado Ryuugamine continues to purge the Dollars from within in accordance with his warped sense of justice, Masaomi Kida hopes to bring his friend back to his senses by bringing the Yellow Scarves together once more. Little do they know that a far more dominant force is about to enter their struggle for power, one that their friend Anri Sonohara is all too familiar with.Meanwhile, the group that has gathered at Shinra Kishitani's apartment realizes that they are on the brink of something life-changing, an event that will throw Ikebukuro into a spiral of confusion. Their anxiety is realized when reports of Celty's head being found in public start to appear all over the news as Kasane Kujiragi begins to make her move.Gone are the brief periods of tranquility as the current turmoil sets the stage for one final performance in this thrilling conclusion to the story of Ikebukuro's finest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Free Planets Alliance's invasion of the Galactic Empire has failed after supply mismanagement led to heavy losses. Unwilling to abort the expedition despite being greatly outnumbered, Fleet Admiral Lazar Lobos orders the remaining Alliance fleets to gather in the Amritsar Starzone for a final stand against the incoming counterattack.Strategic genius Fleet Admiral Reinhard von Lohengramm leads the Imperial forces into this decisive battle with an overwhelming advantage. However, his rival, tactical magician Vice Admiral Yang Wen-li of the Alliance, once again makes up for the incompetence of his superiors and stages a narrow escape for himself and his fellow soldiers. Though both Reinhard and Yang are displeased with the outcome—the former for his imperfect victory and the latter for the tremendous casualties—their attention must turn to the bubbling political unrest on both sides of the galaxy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After successfully holding off the invasion by Aftokrator, the Border Defense Agency prepares an away mission into the Neighbor's dimension. However, like in previous scouting expeditions, only A-rank teams are certain to secure a spot. As the B-rank wars continue, Osamu Mikumo and the rest of Tamakoma-2 quickly fight to the top in an attempt to obtain a promotion before the operation begins.Meanwhile, a new Neighbor ship approaches Border Headquarters. Noticing that the attackers are targeting the Border Expedition Ship, forces are hastily sent to combat them. However, with fewer squads available due to the proceeding rank wars, the organization is sent into disarray. This latest offensive from the Neighbors shrouds the fate of the all-important expedition ship in uncertainty.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Tsukasa Yuzaki receives a brand new smartphone as a surprise gift from her husband Nasa, she is delighted, quickly adding in contacts and mastering the arts of LINE and sticker-sending. However, her joy is short-lived: a former coworker calls in Nasa for a difficult job, and Tsukasa is dismayed to learn that her beloved might have to work through the night.Faced with her first night alone since her marriage to Nasa, will Tsukasa and her new phone be able to overcome the distance that separates the young couple and defeat the loneliness that threatens to pull her under?[Written by MAL Rewrite]With a new school year comes a new crowd of classmates, and for their final year of junior high, aspiring writer Kotarou Azumi and track team member Akane Mizuno end up in the same class. Though initially complete strangers, a few chance encounters stir an innocent desire within their hearts. A yearning gaze, a fluttering heart—the hallmarks of young love slip into their lives as fate brings their paths to a cross.However, though love is patient and love is kind, Kotarou and Akane discover it is not always straightforward. Despite the comfort they find in each other's company, heartache and anxiety come hand in hand with pursuing the feelings in their hearts. With the uncertainty of how the other truly feels as well as the competing affections of those around them, the road ahead is unclear. Even so, under the shining light of a beautiful full moon, Kotarou gathers his courage to ask Akane a single question, one that forever changes their quiet relationship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The protagonist Wu Liuqi originally lived a carefree life on Xiaoji Island, but his identity became a mystery due to amnesia. As outsiders landed on the island and recognized Wu Liuqi, various conspiracies began to cover Xiaoji Island. So Wu Liuqi decided to return to Xuanwu Kingdom to meet his destiny in order to protect his partners and their homeland. (Source: Bilibili, Google translated)For the appropriate price, your dearest wish can be granted at the shop of the peculiar Yuuko. Kimihiro Watanuki wishes to be rid of his ability to see spirits, and so as payment, he works for Yuuko doing whatever she needs him to do, from cleaning to errands to even helping out Yuuko's other clients. In xxxHOLiC Shunmuki, Watanuki and his friend and rival Shizuka Doumeki enjoy a meal with their friend Kohane Tsuyuri and her grandmother, reminiscing about how they have changed since meeting each other.Later on, Watanuki has a dream in which he is visited by Doumeki's grandfather Haruka, who needs him to find some things in the family temple storeroom. Accompanied by Doumeki, he finds that this task is more akin to a treasure hunt, with each item leading them to another, and another, guiding them to an unexpected yet inevitable ending.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Even after spending a considerable amount of time with Takagi, Nishikata is still struggling to find a perfect plan to defeat the expert teaser. A battle of wits, a contest of physical prowess, a test of courage—any strategy he employs to expose her weaknesses is to no avail. On the contrary, Nishikata's pitiful attempts only reveal more of his own flaws, which Takagi takes advantage of to become increasingly daring in her teasing attempts. To make things worse for Nishikata, rumors about him and Takagi may have spread in class due to the frequent interactions between them.However, the optimistic Nishikata believes that wisdom comes with age and that as the days go by, his experience with her constant teasing will eventually bear fruit, leading him to the awaited moment of victory. Thus, Nishikata continues to strive for the seemingly impossible—to outsmart Takagi and make her blush with embarrassment.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an exciting and momentous cultural festival, Shouko Komi continues her endeavor to make one hundred friends alongside her friend and classmate Hitohito Tadano. As winter begins, the class is joined by the seemingly delinquent student Makoto Katai, who has been absent since the first week of school. Despite his intimidating appearance, Katai has difficulty communicating with others and just wants to befriend his classmates.As new friendships form and current ones deepen, Komi and Tadano’s relationship begins to change—though not necessarily for the worse.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After many trials and tribulations, Iruma Suzuki is finally happily living among demons despite having to hide his true identity as a human. Even more so, he has now found his ambition in life: keep ranking up in this world!However, that plan is halted when Iruma's club is temporarily dismissed, and he is forced to be part of the student council, known for its strictness toward rowdy students. Its cold-hearted president is Amelie Azazel, Iruma's friend. Although Iruma is not used to following their rigid schedule and many rules, he still wants to prove himself and help Amelie alongside all of the other members of the council. But trouble arises when Amelie's personality completely changes due to strange circumstances, putting the student council's reputation in jeopardy. Will Iruma be able to save them and avoid having the whole school turn into pure chaos?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaitou Kid dares to challenge the police once more, setting his sights on the Russian Imperial Easter Egg. With the date, time, and place, the Osaka police force scrambles to stop him. But this time, Kid may have bitten off more than he can chew—Conan Edogawa, Heiji Hattori, and numerous others are also trying to get their hands on the jeweled egg.As the race for possession of the egg escalates, a string of murders threatens those after it, and at the same time the tragic truth behind the Romanov Dynasty is finally revealed. At the center of these developments, it is up to Conan to solve the gruesome murders and catch Kid, all while protecting those close to him and concealing his identity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a rainy afternoon, the Detective Boys witness a murder across the street. Barred by traffic, the culprit slips away and Conan Edogawa is left a single clue by a dying detective. Days later, another detective is found murdered in a parking lot, leaving the police rattled. Suspicious that the culprit is one of their own, everyone in the police department without an alibi is suspect. But despite being on high alert, they are outmaneuvered and suffer yet another attack—this time with Ran Mouri finding herself in the crossfire.Traumatized, Ran wakes in the hospital with retrograde amnesia, remembering nothing about her life. Soon released, she struggles to remember her past and grows fearful of not regaining her memories before being targeted by the killer for what she witnessed. As she is guarded by friends and family, it is up to Conan to piece together the clues and find who the murderer is before they strike again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After receiving a strange invitation, Kogorou Mouri pays a visit to the Miracle Land theme park along with his daughter Ran, Conan Edogawa, and the Detective Boys. Once there, Kogorou and Conan are tasked with finishing an unsolved case by a mysterious stranger. Realizing that the invitations were actually an elaborate trap, the two have just 12 hours to solve the case or face grave danger.With the help of familiar faces like Heiji Hattori, Kaitou Kid, and even Saguru Hakuba, the group of detectives must unravel the web of clues surrounding the case in order to find the culprit and bring them to justice before it's too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world of dreams can be an incredible window into the psyche, showing one's deepest desires, aspirations, and repressed memories. One hopeful tech lab has been developing the "DC Mini," a device with the power to delve into the dreams of others. Atsuko Chiba and Kosaku Tokita have been tirelessly working to develop this technology with the hopes of using it to deeply explore patients' minds and help cure them of their psychological disorders.However, having access to the deepest corners of a person's mind comes with a tremendous responsibility. In the wrong hands, the DC Mini could be used as a form of psychological terrorism and cause mental breakdowns in the minds of targets. When this technology is stolen and people around them start acting strangely, Atsuko and Kosaku know they have a serious problem on their hands. Enlisting the help of Officer Konakawa, who has been receiving this experimental therapy, they search both the real and dream worlds for their mental terrorist.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"The time of destruction is coming ever closer without a doubt. It cannot be stopped."To know death, to gaze at death, to face death.Makoto and his allies have grown through the many meetings and partings they have experienced.Their fight might not be for the sake of the world, but for themselves. Even so, they have continued to fight, believing that there are peaceful days waiting at the end of the battle.However, a boy says that destruction is the fate that humanity must shoulder. The boy they believed to be their friend tells them the truth of the situation without an emotion on his face.The season changes to winter. Makoto makes a decision in order to greet the spring that is waiting beyond...(Source: ANN)Revealing himself to be a Dual Knight, Long Hao Chen triumphs in his match within his temple and advances to the finals. But before the grand finals can begin, ranking matches are conducted in each temple to determine the strongest within. During the rankings, Hao Chen is injured, enraging Sheng Cai'er and driving her to seek vengeance for what happened to him. Her actions cause a fight between the Knight Temple and Assassin Temple, only to be subdued after a shocking revelation—that Sheng Cai'er is a Reincarnated Saint.The finals for the Demon Hunting Team Competition begin with the division of the sixty remaining participants into six groups. The top sixteen participants are then further pitted against each other to determine the top three. Each of the top three will be rewarded with a spiritual stove and the right to pick their teammates.In order to become a knight that is capable of defeating the Demon Lord, Long Hao Chen must strive to be first in this competition so he can select the best teammates to give him a fighting chance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the near future, augmented reality has become a key part of daily life. A gentle middle school girl named Yuuko "Yasako" Okonogi and her family have just moved to Daikoku City despite rumors of people disappearing. There, her grandmother, nicknamed "Mega-baa," runs a shop called Megasia that specializes in illegal tools which interact with parts of the virtual world.Mega-baa also hosts an unofficial detective agency called "Coil," a group of children around Yasako's age who find and handle corruption of the virtual world. Yasako gets involved with the group when Fumie Hashimoto, a playful member of Coil, helps rescue her cyberdog Densuke after getting trapped in virtual space while chasing a mysterious virus. Also investigating these corruptions and viruses is an abrasive hacker named Yuuko Amasawa, who the others take to calling Isako.Can Coil discover the truths behind the mysterious viruses and corruption, and if they can, at what cost?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Fuyuki City, a long-lived ritual involving battles between seven magi and their servants is taking place. This ritual is known as the Holy Grail War and it promises to grant the victor any wish. With the war now entering its fifth iteration, the stage is set for Rin Toosaka to succeed her father's legacy.Rin wishes to summon Saber, said to be the most powerful class. But when she miscalculates and summons Archer instead, how will she fare in the battles that lie ahead of her?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kintarou Ooe is a specialist in part-time work, riding all over the highways and byways of Japan on his trusty steed, the Mikazuki 5, and finding employment wherever he can. His adventures bring him knowledge and experience that can't be taught in a classroom, from political corruption to the delicacy of a young woman's heart. With nothing but the open road before him—not to mention the many beautiful women along the way—Kintarou pursues his spirit of education while attempting to hold down his various odd jobs, however undignified they may be. As he learns from each task he takes on, who knows what could happen? He might even be able to save the world one day. One thing is for sure—this will all be very educational![Written by MAL Rewrite]Kazuya Kujou is a foreign student at Saint Marguerite Academy, a luxurious boarding school in the Southern European country of Sauville. Originally from Japan, his jet-black hair and dark brown eyes cause his peers to shun him and give him the nickname "Black Reaper," based on a popular urban legend about the traveler who brings death in the spring.On a day like any other, Kujou visits the school's extravagant library in search of ghost stories. However, his focus soon changes as he becomes curious about a golden strand of hair on the stairs. The steps lead him to a large garden and a beautiful doll-like girl known as Victorique de Blois, whose complex and imaginative foresight allows her to predict their futures, now intertwined.With more mysteries quickly developing—including the appearance of a ghost ship and an alchemist with the power of transmutation—Victorique and Kujou, bound by fate and their unique skills, have no choice but to rely on each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The kingdom of Kouka is blessed with a beautiful princess whose childlike innocence charms all who come across her. Named Yona, she has grown up sheltered in the royal palace, shielded from any danger that may befall her. However, all good things must come to an end.Yona's perfect world comes crashing down when a heinous act of treason threatens to erase all that she holds dear, including her birthright as the princess of Kouka. Left with no one to trust but her childhood friend and loyal bodyguard Son Hak, she is forced to flee the palace. Faced with the perils of surviving in the wild with a target on her back, Yona realizes that her kingdom is no longer the safe haven it once was.Free from the shackles of naivety, Yona vows to do everything in her power to become strong enough to crush her enemies. With Hak by her side, she must piece together the remains of an ancient legend that might be the key to reclaiming her kingdom from those who conspired to steal it from her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chiyo Mihama begins her high school career as one of the strangest students in her freshman class—a tiny, 10-year-old academic prodigy with a fondness for plush dolls and homemade cooking. But her homeroom teacher, Yukari Tanizaki, is the kind of person who would hijack a student's bike to avoid being late, so "strange" is a relative word.There certainly isn't a shortage of peculiar girls in Yukari-sensei's homeroom class. Accompanying Chiyo are students like Tomo Takino, an energetic tomboy with more enthusiasm than brains; Koyomi Mizuhara, Tomo's best friend whose temper has a fuse shorter than Chiyo; and Sakaki, a tall, athletic beauty whose intimidating looks hide a gentle personality and a painful obsession with cats. In addition, transfer student Ayumu Kasuga, a girl with her head stuck in the clouds, fits right in with the rest of the girls—and she has a few interesting theories about Chiyo's pigtails!Together, this lovable group of girls experience the ups and downs of school life, their many adventures filled with constant laughter, surreal absurdity, and occasionally even touching commentary on the bittersweet, temporal nature of high school.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the all-girl band Poppin’Party continues to rise in fame, they find a poster for an event at the legendary Nippon Budoukan. Now determined to participate in the "BanG Dream," Kasumi Toyama and the other members of Poppin’Party aim to reach new heights and prove their worth by performing on that renowned stage.Meanwhile, rival band RAISE A SUILEN dreams of changing the world with "the strongest music," but finds itself in dire straits without a guitarist. Though dozens of potential candidates audition for the role, band leader CHU² believes them to be amateurs and unsuitable for the band. However, there may be one guitarist that lives up to CHU²’s high standards.BanG Dream! 3rd Season features multiple all-girl bands, including Poppin’Party, Afterglow, Pastel*Palettes, Roselia, Hello Happy World!, and now RAISE A SUILEN, as they work to astound fans throughout Japan with their spectacular performances. As the BanG Dream competition draws near, the band members are prepared to captivate audiences with their heartfelt music![Written by MAL Rewrite]Salaryman Rokurou Okajima spends his days trying to climb his company's corporate ladder, until one day when a business negotiation in Thailand goes awry. During the botched deal, he falls hostage to the Lagoon Company—a band of ruthless pirate mercenaries. Left to the whims of his captors after his managers refuse to pay his ransom, Rokurou does the unthinkable: instead of begging for his life, he joins the very crew who kidnapped him.Now a member of the group, Rokurou must adjust to his new residence in the dissolute hellscape known as Roanapur, a city where corruption and crime run rampant, and even the smallest slipup could cost him his life. If not for one of the many crime syndicates on the island, Rokurou also constantly finds himself at odds with his brash, gunslinging colleague, Revy. As Rokurou struggles to abandon his past—and with more than just the profits from the Lagoon Company's illegal trading on the line—he must quickly find the resolve to make tough decisions in high-stress situations while keeping his humanity intact.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Naota Nandaba is an ordinary sixth grader living in a city where nothing amazing ever seems to happen. After his brother Tasuku leaves town to play baseball in America, Naota takes it upon himself to look after everything Tasuku left behind—from his top bunk bed to his ex-girlfriend Mamimi Samejima, who hasn't stopped clinging to Naota since Tasuku left. Little does Naota know, however, that his mundane existence is on the verge of being changed forever: enter Haruko Haruhara, a Vespa-riding, bass guitar-wielding, pink-haired psychopath whose first encounter with Naota leaves him with tire tracks on his back and a giant horn on his head. Though all he wants is some peace and quiet, when Haruko takes up residence at his parents' home, Naota finds himself dragged into the heart of the greatest battle for supremacy that Earth—and quite possibly the entire universe—has ever seen.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sergeant Sousuke Sagara returns to Jindai High School to protect the precious war asset, Kaname Chidori, from any threat. However, his lack of social skills and real-life experience result in comical yet dangerous situations, endangering the peaceful school life Kaname longs for. As Sousuke continues to bring a wide range of weapons to school as a means to solve threats—real or fake—Kaname struggles to fulfill her duty as the student council vice president all while keeping him in check. To ensure a successful mission, Sousuke is occasionally forced to use the costume of a famous amusement park mascot called Bonta-kun. With his technical expertise, he eventually transforms the exuberant uniform into a cutting-edge exoskeleton that has only one dysfunction: the voice translator can only produce the sound "mofu." Full Metal Panic? Fumoffu depicts the adventures of Kaname and Sousuke as they try to live their normal school lives despite the chaos they inadvertently cause. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Having been born a brindle ("Tora-ge" or tiger striped) Akita, Gin ("Silver", named after his fur color) is destined to become a successful bear-hunting dog. However, when he witnesses his father's death at the hands of the man-eating demon bear Akakabuto, he is chosen above his siblings to become his father's successor and defeat the monstrous bear that terrorizes his home village. As Akakabuto gathers his own allies, Gin must travel across Japan in search of dogs to join him in an all out war of dog vs. bear.The story is set during Japan's Sengoku Jidai (Era of the Warring States) and centers on Furuta Sasuke, a vassal of the great warlord Oda Nobunaga and a man obsessed with tea ceremony and material desires in his pursuit of a fortuitous life. Having learned from Oda and the legendary tea master Sen no Soueki, Furuta walks the way of the Hyouge Mono.(Source: ANN)In the kingdom of Xoana, Lina Inverse and Gourry Gabriev unexpectedly come across their old companions, Zelgadis Graywords and Princess Ameilia Wil Tesla Saillune. Upon their reunion, the friends end up easily foiling the King of Xoana and his daughter's dastardly plans of world conquest.Soon after, it is revealed that Zelgadis is in search of the world's most valuable magical tome, the Claire Bible, hoping to discover a method to recover his human body among the many secrets sheltered within it. Despite his protests, the rest of the group decides to join in the quest after hearing of his mission. However, just when they were wondering where to start looking for the legendary book, they stumble upon a mysterious priest by the name of Xellos, who claims that he may be of some help in their pursuit.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After accepting a weekend invitation, Hachiman Hikigaya accompanies Isshiki Iroha around the Chiba Prefecture to brainstorm ideas suitable for an ideal date with Hayato Hayama. As the duo wanders from place to place without a plan, they seemingly enjoy each other's company. Yet, through these straightforward and sincere interactions, the meaning behind what it means to be genuine continues to intrigue Hachiman and his outlook for the future of the Volunteer Service Club and its members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the murder of her father, Ryuuko Matoi has been wandering the land in search of his killer. Following her only lead—the missing half of his invention, the Scissor Blade—she arrives at the prestigious Honnouji Academy, a high school unlike any other. The academy is ruled by the imposing and cold-hearted student council president Satsuki Kiryuuin alongside her powerful underlings, the Elite Four. In the school's brutally competitive hierarchy, Satsuki bestows upon those at the top special clothes called "Goku Uniforms," which grant the wearer unique superhuman abilities. Thoroughly beaten in a fight against one of the students in uniform, Ryuuko retreats to her razed home where she stumbles across Senketsu, a rare and sentient "Kamui," or God Clothes. After coming into contact with Ryuuko's blood, Senketsu awakens, latching onto her and providing her with immense power. Now, armed with Senketsu and the Scissor Blade, Ryuuko makes a stand against the Elite Four, hoping to reach Satsuki and uncover the culprit behind her father's murder once and for all. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Love is unusual for Risa Koizumi and Atsushi Ootani, who are both striving to find their ideal partner in high school—172 cm tall Koizumi is much taller than the average girl, and Ootani is much shorter than the average guy at 156 cm. To add to their plights, their crushes fall in love with each other, leaving Koizumi and Ootani comically flustered and heartbroken. To make matters worse, they're even labeled as a comedy duo by their homeroom teacher due to their personalities and the stark difference in their heights, and their classmates even think of their arguments as sketches.Lovely★Complex follows Koizumi and Ootani as they encourage each other in finding love and become close friends. Apart from their ridiculous antics, they soon find out an unexpected similarity in their music and fashion tastes. Maybe they possess a chemistry yet unknown, but could love ever bloom between the mismatched pair?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Youko Nakajima has only ever wanted to be normal. She does what she is asked, gets good grades, is the class president, and even helps her classmates whenever she can—but because of her red hair, she has never fit in. With her pushover attitude, Youko lets classmates take advantage of her, so she has nobody she can really call a friend.But on an otherwise ordinary day, a man who claims to be from another world barges into Youko's classroom and bows before her. This elegant blond-haired man, Keiki, claims that Youko is his master and belongs on the throne of his kingdom. However, their first meeting is cut short as Keiki has been followed by otherworldly beasts called youma. He is able to escape with Youko into his own realm, but two other classmates—Ikuya Asano and Yuka Sugimoto—are caught up in the madness as well. Unfortunately, their troubles have only just begun, as the youma attack leaves them separated from Keiki. Alone in this strange new land, these ordinary students must learn to fend for themselves or die.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a solemn night in July 1998, teenager Fujino Asagami is mercilessly raped by a street gang in a dilapidated bar. No matter what physical or sexual abuse they deal, however, the girl regards her captors with the same apathetic expression. The next day, mangled bodies are discovered in that same building, so torn apart that investigators find it infeasible to even consider the culprit human.Elsewhere, a client request reaches Touko Aozaki's detective agency, tasking Shiki Ryougi with either capturing or killing the perpetrator of last night's incident. But soon, word spreads that a single survivor escaped the slaughter, and now the murderer is plowing down everything in their path to locate and exterminate him. A brutal race against time begins, pitting Shiki against a dangerous foe imperceptible even to her legendary eyes. [Written by MAL Rewrite]In year 0079 of the Universal Century, the Earth Federation initiates Operation Odessa—a full-scale assault to retake a major Ukrainian city from the Principality of Zeon. It is a success, and the remaining Zeon forces scatter across the globe. The Earth Federation gains the upper hand in the One Year War and deploys its ground troops around the planet to hunt down the stragglers.As part of the deployments, Ensign Shiro Amada is transferred to Southeast Asia to take command of the 08th MS Team—a special squadron of RX-79[G] Gundam Ground Type pilots. In their first guerilla operation, Shiro's team is tasked with distracting the Zeon forces while Federation ground troops locate a mysterious new Zeon weapon. Everything goes according to plan until Shiro runs into Aina Sahalin, an ace Zeon pilot he met in an earlier battle, during a skirmish. Their reunion weakens his resolve to continue fighting, and now the young commander Shiro must prove his loyalty to the Federation—or be branded a traitor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On one noteworthy day in the Adventurer's Guild, Kazuma Satou encounters someone unexpected—a fan of his named Ran. Surprised that he even has a fan, Kazuma attempts to play it cool to impress her. Unfortunately for him, the guild's receptionist arrives with a request to defeat a giant golem guarding some ancient ruins, and Kazuma accepts only to keep Ran's admiration.Upon Kazuma and his party's successful return from the ruins, Kazuma continues to shamelessly brag to Ran. Capitalizing on his desperation, the receptionist approaches him with another quest that requires him to return to the same ruins. Hoping to find valuable treasures, Kazuma once again convinces his party to join him—but this time, he may be biting off more than he can chew.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Luo Xiaohei is a young monster who normally takes the form of a small black cat. Living freely in the forests, gradual deforestation and human development force him to flee and find a new home. Wandering the city streets, the black cat struggles to survive until he encounters Feng Xi, a fellow monster who takes Xiaohei to an isolated island inhabited by a small group of monsters. Excited to find what he thinks is his new home, Xiaohei lives with the monsters for only a short time before Wuxian, a human Guild Executor, arrives on the island in pursuit of Feng Xi.Feng Xi and his companions manage to teleport off the island, leaving Xiaohei and Wuxian alone. Though Xiaohei refuses to cooperate with the man who attacked his friends, Wuxian forces the black cat to travel to the Guild along with him. Embarking on an uncertain journey, Xiaohei is exposed to a new perspective on the relations between humans and monsters in a rapidly changing world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The momentous day of the opening of the new Tokyo subway, the Touto Line, has come, but a bombing incident puts all celebrations to a halt. The governor of Tokyo is caught in the blast while onboard the train, but he and everyone else present is fortunately saved by the quick thinking and actions of Conan Edogawa.Intrigued by the incident, Conan researches the governor's political history and discovers that the man was responsible for the destruction of a village in Niigata to build the Kitanosawa Dam. Believing the attack to be related to the construction of the dam, Conan, accompanied by Ran Mouri, Kogorou Mouri, Professor Agasa, Sonoko Suzuki, and the Detective Boys, decides to visit the village and investigate. There, they meet a group of locals who lived in the old village before it was torn down. However, just as one mystery leads to another, one of the locals is murdered. Suspecting that something much more sinister is afoot, Conan vows to uncover the truth behind these two incidents before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]By a twist of fate, a herbivorous dinosaur finds a lost egg and brings it back to her nest. When the egg hatches, however, a carnivorous dinosaur emerges. Unable to abandon the child, she names him "Heart" and raises him in exile alongside her own child. As Heart comes of age, he struggles to eat the same food as his family and runs away in disgrace when he learns that he cannot live properly without meat. Years later, the now feared predator Heart encounters a situation similar to his past—he spots a dinosaur egg opposite his kind. As it emerges, Heart remarks that the newborn is delicious-looking. The newborn herbivore thinks that Heart is his father and takes delicious-looking, or "Umasou," as his name. Unable to eat a newborn who loves him, Heart reluctantly decides to raise Umasou as his own. As he nurtures a forbidden child like his mother before him, Heart struggles to deal with an unforgiving world and the true natures of predator and prey.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shuurei Kou and her friend Eigetsu To, a boy prodigy of humble origins, have been appointed co-governors of the Sa province, one of the eight provinces in Saiunkoku. Together, they decide to make the province an academic research center in the hopes of bringing a long overdue prosperity to the region.However, while Shuurei goes to the capital to obtain approvals for the ambitious project, the Sa province's recently established tranquility is threatened by a pandemic that brings both death and turmoil as it begins to spread among the people. Counting on Eigetsu to monitor the situation until her return, Shuurei seeks support from her allies to find a suitable treatment. Yet, Eigetsu's past personal conflicts distract him, providing an opportunity for opponents of Shuurei's position to take advantage of the troubles and undermine her authority.Becoming a government official has been Shuurei's lifelong dream, but it is no easy task for the first woman undertaking such a position. Will she step up and overcome this great challenge or give in to the looming adversities?[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a lionhearted boy who can’t wield magic strives for the title of Wizard King, four banished Wizard Kings of yore return to crush the Clover Kingdom.(Source: Netflix)Crime never sleeps in Roanapur, and neither does Roberta—a devoted maid and skilled guerilla soldier in service to the Venezuelan Lovelace family. After the assassination of her superior by the US Secret Service, Roberta returns to the city of debauchery in search of vengeance and his killer's head.Meanwhile, young Fernando Garcia Lovelace, the new heir to his father's estate, tails Roberta to Thailand alongside his bodyguard, Fabiola Iglesias. He enlists the help of the Lagoon Company, with the objective of deterring Roberta's warpath and bringing her back to the family. However, with the continued bloodshed and mounting tensions between Roberta, island crime factions, and the US military, it will take a significant amount of strategy—and weaponry—to stop her relentless quest for revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After watching a volleyball match on TV where the "Little Giant" of Karasuno High School helps his team secure a hard-fought victory, young and impressionable Shouyou Hinata begins to play the sport in hopes that he too can soar high one day. Now enrolled at the same school as his idol, he attempts to join the volleyball team despite his short stature. Unfortunately, upon his arrival, Hinata locks eyes with "King of the Court" Tobio Kageyama—a genius setter whom he had once suffered a bitter defeat to in middle school.Their unfriendly introduction and subsequent rivalry forces the rest of the Karasuno team to bar both of them from joining the club until they can learn to work together as teammates. Though reluctant to cooperate, their desire to play volleyball causes them to return with a proposal that will show the other members that they are capable of teamwork. As the two freshmen form an odd setter-and-ace relationship, an old rival school invites Karasuno for practice matches, reigniting competition between the two schools once more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's her first day at a new school, and the cheerful Hana Nono is ready to make a fresh start, dreaming of becoming mature and reliable—a far cry from her usual childish self. Although she makes a disastrous first impression, Hana soon befriends two of her classmates: the gentle and studious class representative Saaya Yakushiji, and a cool and mysterious girl Homare Kagayaki.That night, a magical baby falls from the sky right onto Hana's balcony. She is immediately smitten with her and names her Hug-tan. Alongside Hug-tan is a snarky talking hamster, Hariham Harry, who mutters that Hana "isn't the one" before vanishing with the baby.The next day, Hana believes the encounter to be a dream, until people all over the city begin collapsing and a giant monster appears, feeding on their energy. As Hana escapes, she spots Hug-tan and Harry under attack. Making a stand to protect them, she and Hug-tan suddenly both glow with energy and a heart-shaped gem forms.With the crystal's power, Hana transforms into a hero called "Cure Yell" and defeats the monster. Surprised at Hana's power, Harry explains that he and Hug-tan came from a future frozen in time by the Criasu Corporation, the same organization that created the monster. Only the Future Crystals, manifestations of one's hopes and dreams, and the Precure they create have a chance at defeating Criasu and saving the future![Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Reki Kyan is passionate about one thing: skateboarding. When night falls, he heads to "S," an illegal underground race inside a mine where skaters compete in highly dangerous situations. After a loss that results in his skateboard being destroyed and his arm being broken, Reki is now incapable of practicing at all.While working, Reki runs into his new classmate, Langa Hasegawa, a half-Canadian and half-Japanese boy with no skateboarding experience whatsoever. Langa is in desperate need of money. After they both visit "S" when tasked by Reki's boss, they get into trouble and are forced into a bet that requires Langa to skate in a race. However, the mysterious transfer student holds a trump card that Reki is unaware of, one which might help him win the race in the most unexpected way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OZ, a virtual world connected to the internet, has become extremely popular worldwide as a spot for people to engage in a large variety of activities, such as playing sports or shopping, through avatars created and customized by the user. OZ also possesses a near impenetrable security due to its strong encryption, ensuring that any personal data transmitted through the networks will be kept safe in order to protect those who use it. Because of its convenient applications, the majority of society has become highly dependent on the simulated reality, even going as far as entrusting the system with bringing back the unmanned asteroid explorer, Arawashi.Kenji Koiso is a 17-year-old math genius and part-time OZ moderator who is invited by his crush Natsuki Shinohara on a summer trip. But unbeknownst to him, this adventure requires him to act as her fiancé. Shortly after arriving at Natsuki's family's estate, which is preparing for her great-grandmother's 90th birthday, he receives a strange, coded message on his cell phone from an unknown sender who challenges him to solve it. Kenji is able to crack the code, but little does he know that his math expertise has just put Earth in great danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story centers around three characters—Uesugi Kazuya, his twin older brother Tatsuya, and Asakura Minami. Kazuya is the darling of his town as he's talented, hardworking, and the ace pitcher for his middle school baseball team. Tatsuya is a hopeless slacker who's been living the life of giving up the spotlight to Kazuya, despite the fact that he may be more gifted than him. Minami is the beautiful childhood girlfriend and for all intents, sister from next door who treats both of them as equals. Society largely assumes Kazuya and Minami will become the perfect couple, including Tatsuya. Yet as time progresses, Tatsuya grows to realize that he's willing to sacrifice anything for the sake of his brother, except at the expense of giving up Minami to Kazuya. And thus the story is told of Tatsuya trying to prove himself over his established younger brother, how it affects the relationship between the three, and both brothers' attempts to make Minami's lifelong dreams come true.Mikoto Misaka and her friends are back, investigating rumors across Academy City. Soon, Mikoto discovers something terrifying: horrific experiments are taking place throughout the city, involving the murder of thousands of espers. Moreover, these espers are far from just ordinary people: they are clones of Mikoto herself. Feeling responsible for their treatment, she sets off to put an end to the experiments; however, the forces opposing her are much more dangerous than she anticipated, and Mikoto finds herself up against some of the most powerful espers imaginable.Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S continues the story of the Railgun as she desperately fights to put an end to the inhuman experiments that she believes she helped cause, her life dragged deep into despair in the process. There's never a dull moment in Academy City, but no one ever said all of them would be pleasant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Middle school student Mirai Onozawa is dissatisfied with her family circumstances and, in a moment of frustration, wishes to tear everything apart. Unfortunately, these destructive thoughts seem to come true in the form of a magnitude 8.0 earthquake just a few moments later.When summer vacation begins, Mirai reluctantly takes her younger brother Yuuki to Odaiba, where a robot exhibition that he wanted to go to is being held. However, while they are in the exhibition center, the fury of a major earthquake shakes the Kanto region; helpless, both kids witness the devastating power of this natural disaster as it brings the city to its knees.In its aftermath, they stumble upon Mari Kusakabe, a motorcyclist and single mother who decides to help the young siblings. Aiming to return to their homes and reunite with their families, the group sets off on a long and hard journey through the decimated city.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a flooded town where the waters are ever-rising, an old man must constantly build new floors onto his home in order to keep dry. But when his favorite smoking pipe falls into the watery abyss beneath him, he dives into the depths of not only his house, but memories of years past.Tsumiki no Ie is a short film about the everlasting effect of time on one's life—how it can swallow the past entirely, and how one must learn to continue moving forward despite what has already happened.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third and final movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.Three years after the Babylon Project conspiracy is resolved, the members of Kiichi Gotou's Patlabor unit have gone their separate ways. Gotou remains with the Patlabor team, accompanied by Shinobu Nagumo, his romantic crush and comrade.Playing into the public's skepticism toward the Japanese Ground Self-Defense Force, a terrorist organization begins to work from within the military to cause destruction and mass civil unrest throughout Japan. Nagumo learns that the mastermind behind the growing terrorist plot is none other than Yukihito Tsuge, her former mentor and lover.Gotou reassembles his former Patlabor team, spearheaded by pilot Noa Izumi. Leading the team into a mission to arrest Tsuge, Nagumo must come to terms with her complicated past relationships in order to save Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Known for her semblance to the Sadako character of The Ring series, Sawako Kuronuma is given the nickname "Sadako" and misunderstood to be frightening and malicious like her fictional counterpart, despite having a timid and sweet nature. Longing to make friends and live a normal life, Sawako is naturally drawn to the cheerful and friendly Shouta Kazehaya, the most popular boy in her class. From their first meeting, Sawako has admired Kazehaya's ability to be the center of attention and aspires to be like him.When Kazehaya organizes a test of courage for the entire class and encourages her to attend, Sawako sees this as an opportunity to get along with her classmates, starting with Ayane Yano and Chizuru Yoshida. Through each new encounter and emotion she experiences, Sawako believes that meeting Kazehaya has changed her for the better. Little does Sawako know, her presence has also changed Kazehaya.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A Magi is a magician whose inclination toward magic is so immense that they can be said to shape the world. With their significant influence, each Magi chooses a worthy candidate to become a king, then helps them conquer strange labyrinths called "Dungeons" and acquire the power of mythical djinns within. Above all else, the Magi supervises their elected representative as they build a country that might one day bring the world to its knees.Aladdin is a young Magi wandering the world in search of his true self. However, his journey is not a lonely one, as he is accompanied by his friend and mentor Ugo—a djinn he summons using his flute. In his travels, Aladdin also befriends Alibaba Saluja and guides him to a nearby Dungeon. With this newfound friendship, they begin an epic adventure across the world, witnessing various irregularities that seem more frequent than ever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to an adorable evolutionary miracle, guinea pigs have become furry automobiles known as "Molcars." Now, drivers can enjoy the fluffy interior of their vehicles while fulfilling their every transportation need. However,  Molcars are not simply lettuce-fueled machines; they are also sentient creatures with their own worries and desires. Whether in their drivers' presence or among each other, these motorized rodents are swept up into many wild and eventful situations—the likes of which only a Molcar could wind up in.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the resolution of the debut, Kate and her Doll Emilico have officially become residents of the Shadows House. However, they are under constant vigilance by the Star Bearers—an elite group in charge of the children's wing. In order to escape from their surveillance and the morbid methods they use to keep everyone's loyalty in check, Kate and Emilico must be wary of who to trust and aim to become Star Bearers themselves.Meanwhile, the Star Bearers have encountered their own problems. A mysterious robed figure dubbed "Master Robe" has trespassed and roams around the children's wing. At first, Master Robe is deemed harmless, but more incidents start occurring that endanger the Dolls' lives—all of them pointing to the suspicious individual.To improve her reputation, Kate decides to solve the mystery herself. Yet, with so few clues and so many suspects, searching for Master Robe and their motive for attacking the mansion proves more challenging than she imagined.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The successor and branch manager of the Himeya Company—one of the many Undine associations housing female gondoliers—Aika S. Granzchesta surprises everyone when she rejects tradition and refuses to inherit the company's legendary gondola. Aika's apprentice Azusa B. McLaren, unable to wrap her mind around her mentor's unexpected decision, confronts her directly but to little effect. To better understand her reasoning, Azusa and her fellow Undines secretly plan to arrange a meeting with Aika.With the much-awaited winter days in sight, accompanied by the tranquility and sublimity of Neo-Venezia, Aika reminisces about her journey as an Undine that forged her into the person she is today. As she vividly remembers all those invaluable experiences of the past, she trusts they will continue to guide her into the unknown yet boundless future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After having decided to play tennis at the professional level, Eiichirou Maruo now needs to convince his parents to support his decision. To do so, he makes a wager: if he cannot win the All-Japan Junior Tennis Tournament, he will give up on his dream. However, he will need to improve his skills quickly if he wants to qualify for the tournament and have any chance of defeating the best players in the country. For this reason, his new coach Ryuuhei Aoi suggests that Eiichirou travel abroad to train at the Florida Tennis Academy.Baby Steps 2nd Season takes the action to America as Eiichirou begins his two-week training program, getting a taste of what tennis is like outside of Japan. With this exciting experience awaiting him, Eiichirou hopes that his training will get him closer to his goal of becoming a professional player.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As summer arrives for the students at UA Academy, each of these superheroes-in-training puts in their best efforts to become renowned heroes. They head off to a forest training camp run by UA's pro heroes, where the students face one another in battle and go through dangerous tests, improving their abilities and pushing past their limits. However, their school trip is suddenly turned upside down when the League of Villains arrives, invading the camp with a mission to capture one of the students. Boku no Hero Academia 3rd Season follows Izuku "Deku" Midoriya, an ambitious student training to achieve his dream of becoming a hero similar to his role model—All Might. Being one of the students caught up amidst the chaos of the villain attack, Deku must take a stand with his classmates and fight for their survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Losing a loved one is so painful that one may sometimes wish to be able to resurrect them—a weakness that the enigmatic Millennium Earl exploits. To make his mechanical weapons known as "Akuma," he uses the souls of the dead that are called back. Once a soul is placed in an Akuma, it is trapped forever, and the only way to save them is to exorcise them from their vessel using the Anti-Akuma weapon, "Innocence."After spending three years as the disciple of General Cross, Allen Walker is sent to the Black Order—an organization comprised of those willing to fight Akuma and the Millennium Earl—to become an official Exorcist. With an arm as his Innocence and a cursed eye that can see the suffering souls within an Akuma, it's up to Allen and his fellow Exorcists to stop the Millennium Earl's ultimate plot: one that can lead to the destruction of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Now that Kumiko Oumae has enrolled in Kitauji High School, she hopes to forget about her past. Despite her desire for a fresh start, she gets dragged into the school's band club by her new friends—Sapphire Kawashima and Hazuki Katou—and is once again stuck playing the euphonium. As the band currently stands, they won't be able to participate in the local festival, Sunfest, let alone compete at a national level. The band's new advisor, Noboru Taki, gives them a choice: they can relax and have fun, or practice hard and attempt to get into nationals. Not wanting to repeat her mistakes from middle school, Kumiko is doubtful as to whether they should try for nationals. Amidst the chaos, she learns that her old bandmate, Reina Kousaka (who she had a bitter relationship with) has joined Kitauji's band club. Under the pressure of Noboru's strict training, Kumiko and her bandmates must learn to overcome their struggles and find success together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Featuring stories from the manga not adapted in the main anime.Akari Mizunashi dreams of life after attaining her goal of becoming a Prima Undine, but upon waking realizes that she might not actually have the confidence to run Aria Company on her own. Wary of the future, she seeks advice from her mentor Alicia Florence—one of the three great "Water Fairies" of Neo-Venezia.Much to Akari's surprise, Alicia reveals her own struggles of the past, but also shares the steps she took in overcoming her self-doubt of running the company and taking on an apprentice. Finding solace in her teacher's words, Akari prepares to embrace whatever trials she must overcome on her path toward achieving her dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A strange continent in another world.No magic, no battle qi, no martial arts, only martial spirits. Ten thousand years after the Tang clan was founded on the Douluo continent, the Tang clan has declined to the verge of extinction.A whole new generation of proud talents has been born. Will the new generation of the Seven monsters of Shrek be able to reestablish the Tang Clan and compose a new tale of greatness for the unrivaled Tang Clan?(Source: IMDB)In a story set years in the past, Himura Yuu is a studious and diligent young man intent solely on maintaining his top academic position at Otowa Academy. One day, he meets a mysterious girl named Amamiya Yuuko, who, to his surprise, recognizes him. Memories of a distant childhood, memories rather left forgotten... meeting Yuuko again will force Yuu to confront the regrets and sorrows of their collective pasts and presents.In the present, Kuze Shuuichi may seem like a womanizer, but upon closer inspection, is a man who would rather be left alone. Hayama Mizuki, however, is not the type of girl who would let him be, especially after hearing the beautiful sounds of his violin performance. As Mizuki attempts to become closer to him, Kuze attempts to push her away—the tale of their budding relationship is darkened with undertones of an imminent tragedy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a post-apocalyptic world, the last remaining human settlement in Japan is the heavily fortified city of Tokyo-3. Fourteen-year-old Shinji Ikari is brought to the headquarters of NERV, an underground organization lead by his estranged father, Gendou. He requests that Shinji become a pilot of an "Evangelion," a colossal android built to fight against monstrous and destructive alien creatures known as "Angels" that wreak havoc on the planet and threaten the survival of the remaining human race.Although initially reluctant, Shinji is swayed by the idea of reconciling with his father, and agrees to aid in mankind's perilous endeavor against its alien threat, as the pilot of Evangelion Unit-01. Thrust into the midst of a dangerous battlefield, Shinji must find the necessary courage and resolve to face against the Angels' incursions before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In future Japan, in a time when android housekeepers have become commonplace, society strictly abides by the Three Laws of Robotics, which all androids must follow. Under the influence of the Robot Ethics Committee, androids are treated the same way as lesser technology, such as household appliances. However, a minority with an adoration for androids exists, categorized as "android-holics," and are shunned by the general public.Rikuo Sakisaka was raised to accept society's precept about androids, and is perfectly aware that they are not human. That is, until the day he discovers a strange message buried within the activity logs of his household android, Sammy. This leads him to Eve no Jikan, a cafe with only one rule that its patrons must adhere to: there must be no distinction made between humans and androids. Curiosity drives Rikuo to learn more about the shop, and he attempts to unearth the reason behind Sammy's peculiar behavior.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Amazing secrets and startling facts are exposed for the first time in the Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection, a new assortment of stories set in never-before-seen corners of the FMA universe. Join Ed and Al as they chase rumors of successful human transmutation into a web of shocking family drama and lies. Sneak a glance at hidden sides of Winry and Hawkeye's personalities. Survive the frigid north with a young Izumi Curtis as she fights to gain a deeper understanding of alchemy. Explore the legendary friendship shared by Mustang and Hughes and watch them grow from military school rivals into hardened brothers transformed by the horrors of the Ishvalan War. You thought you knew the whole story. You thought all the tales were told. The Fullmetal Alchemist: Brotherhood OVA Collection offers proof: You were wrong. (Source: FUNimation)Second season of Hanma Baki: Son of Ogre.Hachiman Hikigaya is an apathetic high school student with narcissistic and semi-nihilistic tendencies. He firmly believes that joyful youth is nothing but a farce, and everyone who says otherwise is just lying to themselves. In a novel punishment for writing an essay mocking modern social relationships, Hachiman's teacher forces him to join the Volunteer Service Club, a club that aims to extend a helping hand to any student who seeks their support in achieving their goals. With the only other club member being the beautiful ice queen Yukino Yukinoshita, Hachiman finds himself on the front line of other people's problems—a place he never dreamed he would be. As Hachiman and Yukino use their wits to solve many students' problems, will Hachiman's rotten view of society prove to be a hindrance or a tool he can use to his advantage?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Youkoso Jitsuryoku Shijou Shugi no Kyoushitsu e.The Franchouchou girls are back and better than ever! Unfortunately for them, they are also heavily in debt. After a concert bombs, the undead members are forced to take day jobs to pay off the venue, and their normally eccentric manager, Koutarou Tatsumi, sinks into alcoholism.But dark days cannot keep these idols down! Rival idols appear, a famous talk show host retires, and existentialism takes root. Koutarou's legacy will slowly unravel while a journalist closes in on the truth. As Saga plunges into chaos, Franchouchou may realize being dead is the least of their worries—but at least the legendary Tae Yamada gets even more legendary![Written by MAL Rewrite]Misaki Ayuzawa is a unique phenomenon within Seika High School. In a predominantly male institution, she became the first-ever female student council president through her honesty and diligence. Ever since Misaki got promoted to the position, she has been working tirelessly to ensure a better school life for all girls. Despite that, Misaki is very strict with the boys, which has earned her the title "Demon President." One day, after hearing a girl cry in the hallway, Misaki encounters Takumi Usui—the most popular boy in the school—as he rejects a love confession. Enraged at what she is seeing, Misaki reprimands him for making the girl cry. However, Usui is indifferent and brushes it off as nothing.Unexpectedly, Misaki soon runs into Usui again, but this time when she is working at a maid cafe! Embarrassed that someone has found out about her secret occupation, Misaki promises herself not to let Usui destroy her reputation. However, the mysterious boy now begins to visit the same cafe regularly to observe and tease Misaki. When push comes to shove, will Usui still be able to keep the president's secret?[Written by MAL Rewrite]​Shiki Ryougi, Mikiya Kokutou, and Touko Aozaki begin investigating a bomber after they witness a nearby explosion. That same night, Shiki catches a glimpse of the bomber, and as a result, he becomes fixated on her. To get rid of her, the madman plays a game of cat and mouse in attempts to lure her to an empty parking garage. And bombs are not the only thing he has in his arsenal: he also possesses the ability to see the future, and he intends to bring an end to Shiki.Elsewhere a few days prior, a student at Reien Girls' Academy, Shizune Seo, plans to head home for the summer. However, while exiting a bus, she has a vision of the future involving a nearby stranger's death. While trying to warn the stranger, she meets Mikiya—who succeeds in utilizing Shizune's information effectively.Subsequently, an employee is sent on a job with his employer's 10-year-old daughter in tow. However, the subject of his investigation turns out to be a ghost from both of their pasts.Mirai Fukuin tells the stories set during the main timeline of the Kara no Kyoukai films, as well as one set in the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Alfred Izuruha is a 10-year-old who lives in the neutral colony cluster of Side 6 and, like most boys his age, is obsessed with the war between the Earth Federation and the Principality of Zeon. Unbeknownst to him, Al's next-door neighbor, Christina, is the test pilot of a prototype Gundam being developed in secret by the Earth Federation in the colony. A Zeon Special Forces team is assembled and tasked with infiltrating the colony in order to either steal or destroy it.When a skirmish breaks out between the Federation and infiltrating Zeon forces, the fascinated Alfred stumbles upon a Zaku mobile suit that has been shot down, piloted by Zeon rookie Bernard "Bernie" Wiseman. After this encounter, the two start a mutual friendship, so Alfred can learn more about the war that interests him so much, and Bernie can acquire inside information about the colony to aid his team's mission.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Moments before Naruto Uzumaki's birth, a huge demon known as the Nine-Tailed Fox attacked Konohagakure, the Hidden Leaf Village, and wreaked havoc. In order to put an end to the demon's rampage, the leader of the village, the Fourth Hokage, sacrificed his life and sealed the monstrous beast inside the newborn Naruto.In the present, Naruto is a hyperactive and knuckle-headed ninja growing up within Konohagakure. Shunned because of the demon inside him, Naruto struggles to find his place in the village. His one burning desire to become the Hokage and be acknowledged by the villagers who despite him. However, while his goal leads him to unbreakable bonds with lifelong friends, it also lands him in the crosshairs of many deadly foes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Anzu Hoshino needs only three things in her life: video games, chocolate, and her beloved cat. Unlike other high school girls, Anzu has no time for or interest in romance. But as she begins playing a poorly programmed 3D otome game, a bizarre flying wizard named Riri emerges from the screen and calls Anzu "subject one," the first person who will experience a dating game harem storyline in real life.Despite Anzu's fiery protests, Riri confiscates her favorite things to force her to focus on love. Riri orchestrates a series of unlucky incidents and romantic cliches that lead her to meet Tsukasa Kazuki, one of the most attractive boys in her school. Still enraged, Anzu is adamant about resisting Tsukasa's charm. As all the ridiculous fabricated scenarios help Anzu warm up to Tsukasa's pleasant nature, Riri throws other stereotypical pretty boys her way—and avoiding romance quickly becomes almost impossible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having freed a myriad of women from the runaway spirits possessing their hearts, the "God of Conquest" Keima Katsuragi is confronted with a new task: find the Jupiter Sisters, the goddesses that sealed Old Hell in the past. Diana, the goddess that resides inside his childhood friend Tenri Ayukawa, explains that they have taken shelter in the hearts of the girls he had assisted previously. Moreover, once Diana and her sisters are reunited, their power can seal the runaway spirits away for good and relieve Keima of his exorcising duties. Though he is initially reluctant to get involved in yet another chore, everything changes when tragedy befalls one of the hosts.Discovering that the goddesses are being targeted by a mysterious organization known as Vintage, Keima is caught in a race against time to reunite the sisters and rescue the girl who has already fallen prey. With deeper resolve than ever before, Keima works together with demons Elsie and Haqua to recapture the hearts of the girls he had charmed in the past. However, the road ahead is a difficult one, as he is soon met with the consequences of his previous conquests.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a momentous New Year's vacation and with Valentine's Day approaching, Sawako Kuronuma is beginning to get along with her classmates. However, now that Sawako has realized her romantic feelings for the popular Shouta Kazehaya, she grows hesitant toward giving him obligatory chocolates and decides to not give him any. In turn, Kazehaya, who likes Sawako, feels a distance between them.As February ends and April arrives, the second year of high school begins for Sawako. Luckily, she ends up in the same class as her friends Ayane Yano and Chizuru Yoshida, along with Kazehaya and his friend Ryuu Sanada, in addition to the newcomer named Kento Miura. When Kento develops an interest in Sawako, Sawako and Kazehaya's feelings for each other are put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation movie of the "Individual Eleven" story from Ghost in the Shell: SAC 2nd Gig series.(Source: AniDB)Tomoya Okazaki is a delinquent who finds life dull and believes he'll never amount to anything. Along with his friend Youhei Sunohara, he skips school and plans to waste his high school days away.One day while walking to school, Tomoya passes a young girl muttering quietly to herself. Without warning she exclaims "Anpan!" (a popular Japanese food) which catches Tomoya's attention. He soon discovers the girl's name is Nagisa Furukawa and that she exclaims things she likes in order to motivate herself. Nagisa claims they are now friends, but Tomoya walks away passing the encounter off as nothing.However, Tomoya finds he is noticing Nagisa more and more around school. Eventually he concedes and befriends her. Tomoya learns Nagisa has been held back a year due to a severe illness and that her dream is to revive the school's drama club. Claiming he has nothing better to do, he decides to help her achieve this goal along with the help of four other girls.As Tomoya spends more time with the girls, he learns more about them and their problems. As he attempts to help each girl overcome her respective obstacle, he begins to realize life isn't as dull as he once thought.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuuta Takemoto, a sophomore at an arts college, shares a cheap apartment with two seniors—the eccentric Shinobu Morita, who keeps failing to graduate due to his absenteeism, and the sensible Takumi Mayama, who acts as a proper senior to Takemoto, often looking out for him.Takemoto had not given much thought to his future until one fine spring day, when he meets the endearing Hagumi Hanamoto and falls in love at first sight. Incredibly gifted in the arts, Hagumi enrolls in Takemoto's university and soon befriends the popular pottery student Ayumi Yamada. Ayumi is already well acquainted with the three flatmates and secretly harbors deep feelings for one of them.Hachimitsu to Clover is a heartwarming tale of youth, love, soul-searching, and self-discovery, intricately woven through the complex relationships between five dear friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Urano Motosu loves books and has an endless desire to read literature, no matter the subject. She almost fulfills her dream job of becoming a librarian before her life is ended in an accident. As she draws her last breath, she wishes to be able to read more books in her next life.As if fate was listening to her prayer, she wakes up reincarnated as Myne—a frail five-year-old girl living in a medieval era. What immediately comes to her mind is her passion. She tries to find something to read, only to become frustrated by the lack of books at her disposal.  Without the printing press, books have to be written and copied by hand, making them very expensive; as such, only a few nobles can afford them—but this won't stop Myne. She will prove that her will to read is unbreakable, and if there are no books around, she will make them herself! [Written by MAL Rewrite]The Moon Festival is Tootsuki Academy's annual gourmet gala, where students compete against each other to earn the most profit through selling their cuisine of choice. But for Souma Yukihira, it is also his first opportunity to challenge the Elite Ten, the supreme council that rules over the academy.  However, this is only the beginning of Souma's war against the Elite Ten; a nefarious plot is underway that will provide Souma with the challenge he desires but will also shake the very foundations of Tootsuki Academy itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Tunshi Xingkong.As the world accelerates toward its own destruction, Kiba and Cheza—with the help of Tsume, Hige, Toboe, and Blue—race to reach true paradise before the entire world is rendered uninhabitable. Now reunited, Cher and Hubb decide to accompany the wolves in hopes of seeing the journey through to its end, while a distraught and confused Quent wanders aimlessly into the wasteland with his mind fixated on revenge.Meanwhile, Lord Darcia the Third has finally put his plot into motion and pursues Cheza, pitting him against the pack. As everything falls apart yet simultaneously falls into place, the wolves struggle to survive in an increasingly dangerous environment. Though the end draws near, paradise seems further away than ever before.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kimihiro Watanuki can see spirits and other assorted supernatural creatures, which is quite a bothersome ability he strongly dislikes. On the way home one day, while plagued by some spirits, he is inexplicably compelled to enter a strange house. There, he encounters Yuuko, a mysterious woman who claims to be able to rid him of the ability to see and attract the troublesome creatures—for a price. She demands that he work at her "store" that grants wishes to people, and thus begins Watanuki's adventures through weird and wonderful events.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kakushi Gotou is a somewhat popular manga artist whose works are known for inappropriate content. Because of this raunchiness, when his daughter Hime was born, he vowed to keep his profession hidden from her, believing that she will be disillusioned if she finds out. This paranoia-induced belief leads Kakushi into hectic situations. Despite being a single father, he does his best and often resorts to extreme ends just to protect his secret, such as guising as a salaryman every day or holding emergency drills in case Hime somehow finds her way to his workplace.Kakushigoto tells the story of a father and daughter living side by side, maintaining their peaceful existence as the father attempts to preserve the status quo. However, there is a saying: "there are no secrets that time cannot reveal." In time, Hime must learn the reality behind the things she took for granted as she grew up.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Located at the end of the world, the Kingdom of Ozmargo is inhabited by beasts of all shapes and forms, ruled by a fearsome nameless king. After a hundred-year war between Ozmargo and the neighboring human kingdom ended, a peace treaty was signed: every year, a sacrifice must be sent to be devoured by the king on the night of revelation.Sariphi is the 99th and latest human sacrifice. Although frail-looking, she neither fears the king nor has a family or home to return to should she manage to escape from her impending demise. Intrigued by the audacious girl, the king lets Sariphi roam around the palace despite the disapproval of his advisor, Anubis.Little by little, the king and Sariphi begin to warm up to each other, but the night of revelation is fast approaching. Unbeknownst to them, the fateful day unleashes a series of events that will change the course of destiny of not only Sariphi and the king but also of their respective worlds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A Holy War, from ancient mythology, where the Goddess Athena and Hades have fought against each other while defending the earth repeatedly over the span of 200 years. The story takes place in 18th century Europe, 243 years prior to the original "Saint Seiya" Three small children, Tenma, Alone, and Sasha have all shared a very happy childhood together. Tenma who is quite aggressive but upstanding has moved to Sanctuary to become a saint. It is there that he is reunited with Sasha who is the sister of Alone and learns that she is the reincarnation of Goddess Athena. Alone, who is kind, gentle and loves painting was chosen for the body of enemy King Hades. Tenma eventually becomes a saint of Pegasus and engages in a fierce battle with his best friend Alone, the King of Hades. Pegasus Tenma, King Hades, and the Goddess Athena and through the twist of their 3 fates merge together which unfolds a prologue to the original Saint Seiya.(Source: TMS Entertaiment)We still have no idea what's really going on with this show, beyond the fact that the weirdness is piling up!Curry-fiend Karasama remains oblivious to Tenma's crush, and Harima still hasn't confessed his true feelings to Tenma. But hey, the thug's got an excuse since he's caught up with his comic career and knee-deep in a blizzard of deadlines! Meanwhile, the love triangles are ever-shifting thanks to wannabe cupids and runaway brides.Even when you throw in a bit of cyborg love, a shipwreck, and a fugitive red panda–seriously, that ain't even scratching the surface. You are encouraged to scratch the pig, though. He likes it! And something rumbles in the next to last episode, no matter what I say next.School Rumble–The absolutely funniest show you’ll ever see that's not about anything that rumbles... Ever!(Source: Funimation)Atsushi Nakajima has finally grown accustomed to the crazy lifestyle that comes with being part of the Armed Detective Agency. But even during peaceful periods of time, there is bound to be chaos! As Atsushi, his friends, and the agency's rival group—the Port Mafia—go about their days roaming the streets of Yokohama, there are no limits to the strange situations they are unwillingly thrown into. A new take on its original work, Bungou Stray Dogs Wan! shows the more mundane yet hilarious aspects of the characters' lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To awaken his teacher Yao Cheng, Xiao Yan travels to the capital for a meeting of the pill masters. His power was immediately noticed, people who wanted to use it, but at the decisive moment Xiao Yan still becomes a champion and defends the honor of the empire. But Xiao Yan is waiting for a meeting, for which he has been preparing for three whole years...Although peace has finally returned to Ikebukuro, many of the odd occurrences have become common sights around the city. One such case is the police's constant pursuit of Celty Sturluson, the Headless Rider. Moreover, someone has placed a large bounty on her, igniting the motivation of gang members all over to begin searching for the supernatural creature as well. Meanwhile, Mikado Ryuugamine is approached by Aoba Kuronuma, a mysterious underclassman with unknown intentions, who reveals that he knows Mikado's true identity.But Ikebukuro's state of tranquility is short-lived, as a new threat appears in the form of a murderer who goes by the pseudonym "Hollywood," known for wearing a different mask each time they commit a crime. As the various events taking place prove to be connected yet again, Ikebukuro is thrown into another conflict that threatens to engulf the entire city in chaos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Born from a cocoon in the village of Old Home, a young Haibane—a being with a halo and small gray wings—awakens to a world she does not understand without memories of her past. Named Rakka for the dream of falling she had while inside the cocoon, she soon becomes accustomed to life in the strange town. However, there are strict rules for the Haibane, such as being forbidden to leave the village or go near the walls surrounding it. These, along with mysterious disappearances of their kind on their "Day of Flight," begin to unsettle Rakka and the others since they know almost nothing about their own kind.Haibane Renmei tells not only Rakka's story but also of those around her, as they live their lives with no memories of the past while trying to break free from their former pain and ultimately find salvation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shirayuki and Zen Wistalia have finally confirmed their romantic feelings for each other, and everyone has resumed their daily lives. Shirayuki remains an apprentice court herbalist at the royal palace of Clarines, and Zen continues his duties alongside his aides.However, their daily routines are disrupted when Crown Prince Izana, Zen’s older brother, receives an invitation from Raji Shenazard, the prince of Tanbarun. The herbalist finds herself ordered to go to Tanbarun for seven days, to build a new friendship with the formerly selfish and haughty ruler who once ordered Shirayuki to become his concubine. Along the way, Shirayuki is bound to run into trouble once again, as she is sought by a mysterious boy named Kazuki, someone she has never met.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After 26-year-old Kentarou Momose develops health problems due to his boss' abuse, he quits his job and joins a different company. Now, he hopes to start anew under the care of his mentor and direct supervisor, 34-year-old Yuusei Shirosaki.Shirosaki is a capable boss admired by his coworkers, which makes Momose fear letting him down and reliving the past traumas. However, Momose can rest easy, as Shirosaki is always delighted to help—even if he looks absolutely ridiculous doing it. Although it may take some adjusting, Momose realizes that there is no need for caution around his new, endearingly eccentric boss after all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lelouch Lamperouge's dreams of destroying the Holy Britannian Empire are slowly crumbling. His sister, Nunnally, has been kidnapped by Schneizel el Britannia, and Suzaku Kururugi is ignoring his desperate pleas for assistance. The Black Knights are slowly losing faith in Lelouch as their leader, and the United Federation of Nations has declared global war on Britannia.Having suffered numerous betrayals, a significant loss of power, and an ever-growing resentment towards Emperor Charles zi Britannia, the crippled Lelouch makes a final decision: if he can't destroy the Empire from the outside, he will take it for himself from within.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gokuu Son is a young boy who lives in the woods all alone—that is, until a girl named Bulma runs into him in her search for a set of magical objects called the "Dragon Balls." Since the artifacts are said to grant one wish to whoever collects all seven, Bulma hopes to gather them and wish for a perfect boyfriend. Gokuu happens to be in possession of a dragon ball, but unfortunately for Bulma, he refuses to part ways with it, so she makes him a deal: he can tag along on her journey if he lets her borrow the dragon ball's power. With that, the two set off on the journey of a lifetime.They don't go on the journey alone. On the way, they meet the old Muten-Roshi and wannabe disciple Kuririn, with whom Gokuu trains to become a stronger martial artist for the upcoming World Martial Arts Tournament. However, it's not all fun and games; the ability to make any wish come true is a powerful one, and there are others who would do much worse than just wishing for a boyfriend. To stop those who would try to abuse the legendary power, they train to become stronger fighters, using their newfound strength to help the people around them along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Ikebukuro, the lives of its citizens continue intertwining with each other as if their fates are predestined. Mikado Ryuugamine is now one step closer to his goal of living an exciting life, and in turn, delves deeper into the darker side of Ikebukuro. After gaining absolute control over a former rival, he uses his newfound power as he pleases, purging the Dollars from the inside to mold it into the ideal organization. This proves to be as challenging as it sounds as Mikado must now deal with unwanted outside interference, most notably a re-emerging and dearly missed friend. Meanwhile, Izaya Orihara still has some schemes up his sleeve, although a rival information exchange center has proven to be quite the hindrance, lurking within everyone's favorite downtown district. Undoubtedly, sooner or later, chaos will strike again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Japan of the future, employing androids for various purposes is nothing out of the ordinary. However, treating androids on the same level as humans is frowned upon, and there is constant paranoia surrounding the possibility of robots defying humans, their masters. Those who appear too trustworthy of their androids are chided and labeled "dori-kei," or "android-holics."High school student Rikuo Sakisaka notices when his house droid, Sammy, starts behaving curiously—she has been leaving the house without his instruction. When he inspects the movement logs in her database, a cryptic line grabs his attention: "Are you enjoying the time of EVE?" Accompanied by his friend Masakazu Masaki, Rikuo tracks the whereabouts of his houseroid to a cafe called Time of Eve, where it is forbidden for customers to display prejudice against one another. The cafe, Rikuo realizes, is frequented by both man and machine, with no evidence to tell either apart.Each customer—from the cheerful Akiko, to a robot dangerously close to breaking down—has their own story and challenges to overcome. While Rikuo tries to reveal Sammy's intentions, he begins to question the legitimacy of the fear that drives humans to regard androids as nothing more than mere tools.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Young flower enthusiast Tsubomi Hanasaki is often modest and quiet. But with her family moving to a new town, she aims to reinvent her image at her new school as someone more confident and outgoing. On moving day, she dreams of a mysterious tree in the sky guarded by a warrior named "Cure Moonlight."Tsubomi quickly learns that this was no ordinary dream when she encounters two mysterious fairies—Chypre and Coffret—who are being hunted down by a strange woman. When the woman summons a giant monster to attack the city, Tsubomi finds herself transforming into a warrior to fight the enemy! Taking on the alias "Cure Blossom," Tsubomi learns that the woman is part of a villainous group that aims to turn the world into a lifeless desert, with her new duty being to stop it from happening. As Tsubomi continues to battle more monsters and uncover the secrets behind Cure Moonlight, will she find the confidence needed to overcome her timid nature?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Four years after they first met, Haruo Yaguchi , Akira Oono, and Koharu Hidaka remain the best of friends. Tensions start to build up as Akira's teacher, Gouda Moemi, becomes stricter than ever before, and Hidaka develops feelings for Haruo. Though he may not be the most composed and thoughtful person around, he has within him the one thing that started it all: his unconditional love for video games.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 19XX, after being betrayed and left for dead, bravehearted warrior Kenshirou wanders a post-apocalyptic wasteland on a quest to track down his rival, Shin, who has kidnapped his beloved fiancée Yuria. During his journey, Kenshirou makes use of his deadly fighting form, Hokuto Shinken, to defend the helpless from bloodthirsty ravagers. It isn't long before his exploits begin to attract the attention of greater enemies, like warlords and rival martial artists, and Kenshirou finds himself involved with more than he originally bargained for.Faced with ever-increasing odds, the successor of Hokuto Shinken is forced to put his skills to the test in an effort to take back what he cares for most. And as these new challenges present themselves and the battle against injustice intensifies, namely his conflict with Shin and the rest of the Nanto Seiken school of martial arts, Kenshirou is gradually transformed into the savior of an irradiated and violent world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a cold night, idol group TRIGGER reunite at a bar to celebrate the anniversary of the day they started working together. Two years prior, Ryuunosuke Tsunashi leaves his Okinawan home and heads to Tokyo, hoping to become an idol and pay off his father's debt. While waiting for the manager, he is instead picked up by Gaku Yaotome—son of Yaotome Productions' CEO and Ryuunosuke's future co-worker—and they go to meet the mysterious Ten Kujou, the last member of the group.Gaku wants to confront Ten, as he is dubious of Ten's position as the center of the group. Fortunately, with Ryuunosuke's help, the three of them are able to hit it off, and thus TRIGGER is born. However, there still remain obstacles they have to overcome before their rise to fame.In the present day, their rivals IDOLiSH7 also have their own set of problems. From planning what to do on their free days to resolving a long-lasting dispute, they are ready to work together and face these problems head-on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Excelling socially and academically, Asuna Yuuki is on track to ace her high school entrance exams. Her friend and classmate, Misumi "Mito" Tozawa, advises her to take a short break from studying and join her on the launch day of Sword Art Online (SAO)—the highly anticipated online virtual reality multiplayer game. Asuna accepts her offer and soon meets her in the game.In a cruel twist of fate, Asuna, Mito, and every other player logged into SAO find themselves trapped in the game permanently. The only way out is to clear all one hundred floors of the game, and to make matters worse, dying inside the game will kill the player in real life. With SAO now turned into a nightmare death trap, Asuna and other gamers—such as the lone swordsman Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya—must adapt and survive, all whilst attempting to beat the unforgiving competition to the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jim Hawkins is a young boy lead by progressive events to embark on a search journey for the legendary treasure of the once dreaded pirate, Captain Flint. On their way to Treasure Island, John Silver, Jim's best friend, take over command of the ship revealing his true self as the ruthless pirate who once was the right hand of Flint himself. Feeling betrayed, Jim now has to deal with his mixed feelings and face Silver who still consider himself and Jim as friends. (Source: ANN)Kou Yamori is an average middle school student who struggles with grasping the complex concept of love. Because he sees little sense in surrendering to the norm, he soon stops going to school. Plagued with insomnia due to his idleness, Kou begins roaming the lonesome streets at night.One night, Kou encounters a bizarre girl named Nazuna Nanakusa who believes that people stay awake during the night because they are dissatisfied with how they spent their day and cannot rest until they release their inhibitions. Nazuna offers to help Kou with his sleep issues and invites him over to her place, where she convinces him to share a futon with her. Feeling uncomfortable, Kou only pretends to doze off—which is when Nazuna suddenly bites his neck, revealing herself to be a vampire!While Kou thinks the bite will turn him into a vampire, the specifics of transforming are not that simple. In order to change, he must be bitten by someone he truly loves. Ready to let go of his dreary mortal life, Kou decides on a new goal: he will fall in love with Nazuna and become a vampire himself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In his exhibition performance for the Grand Prix of Figure Skating Final in Barcelona, 15-year-old Yuri Plisetsky seeks to defy his "Russian Fairy" nickname by showing off wild new choreography, the likes of which have never been seen from him on the ice before.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hajime Kindaichi's unorganized appearance and lax nature may give the impression of an average high school student, but a book should never be judged by its cover. Hajime is the grandson of the man who was once Japan's greatest detective, and he is also a remarkable sleuth himself.With the help of his best friend, Miyuki Nanase, and the peculiar inspector Isamu Kenmochi, Hajime travels to remote islands, ominous towns, abysmal seas, and other hostile environments. His life's mission is to uncover the truth behind some of the most cunning, grueling, and disturbing mysteries the world has ever faced.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Set in the year 2029 and following World Wars III and IV, a Japanese-led Asian block dominates world affairs. The alliance maintains its international supremacy through its elite security force whose cybernetically enhanced operatives tackle an array of hi-tech terrorists and other threats to international security. These augmented agents can "ghost hack" (i.e., download their consciousness) via the now omnipresent internet into other machines and human/machine cross breeds.Major Motoko Kusanagi, a cybernetically augmented female agent, has been tracking a virtual entity known as the Puppet Master with her crack squad of security agents. The shape-shifting Puppet Master, a rogue creation of a rival agency of the security apparatus, has concluded that it is a life form in its own right, "born in sea of information," and requested political asylum and true physical existence in defiance of its creators.(Source: Manga Entertainment, edited)After solving the incident of the scattered Jewel Seeds, Nanoha Takamachi happily returns to her everyday life, though now with added magic practice in the morning. Exchanging video messages with Fate Testarossa and the crew of the Arthra, Nanoha eagerly awaits the chance to speak with them in person again. But while studying in her room one day, Raising Heart suddenly calls out to Nanoha and warns her of an incoming attack!The attacker is a young girl named Vita, who calls herself a Belka Knight. She proves her strength by using an intelligent device with a mysterious cartridge system to quickly overwhelm Nanoha. Luckily, the Space-Time Administration Bureau is able to step in before she is completely crushed. Vita and her fellow knights Shamal, Signum, and Zafila are on a mission to steal magical power from mages in order to complete the Book of Darkness, one of the Lost Logia. For what sinister purpose are the knights after this Book of Darkness?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Goro briefly returns to Japan after a triumphant campaign in the US. He is heading towards Fukuoka where he played baseball when he was a fifth grader. Having just moved into a new town, this is where Goro faced a critical point in his life. (Source: ANN)The Demon Lord Tasogare's castle is a dark and frightening place, filled to the brim with various monsters. Any soul unfortunate enough to be imprisoned here is sure to be terrified by the horrors within. However, the human princess Aurora Suya Rhys "Syalis" Kaymin is a different case. Rather indifferent to her situation, Syalis worries about one thing and one thing only—sleep. Ever since the demon lord kidnapped her from her kingdom, she has not had a single good night's rest.To alleviate her dozen dozing issues, the princess makes do with what she can find in the castle. Whether it be the fur of fluffy demonic teddy bears or the silky, blanket-like bodies of ghost shrouds, everything is but a means to ensure a peaceful slumber. With so many potential materials to craft items that can help her sleep at her disposal, nothing will stop the sleepy princess—not even death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Picking up where the original series left off, Ren Mihashi, the ace pitcher of the newly-formed Nishiura High School baseball team, and his teammates face the Sakitama High School team in the next round of the High School Baseball Invitational Tournament as they aim to play in the finals at legendary Hanshin Koushien Stadium.(Source: ANN)Two years ago, Glory started out as just another MMORPG, but its real-world influence has grown as more countries begin to recognize esports as an official sport. Now, in China, arrangements are being made to hold the first professional league of Glory, culminating in the Glory Championship.Friends Ye Qiu and Su Muqiu both aspire to make a career out of esports. However, due to personal reasons, Ye Qiu has been hesitant until now to chase his dream onto the national stage. When the two boys finally agree to form their own team, they are supported by Tao Xuan, their boss and the owner of Excellent Era internet cafe, after which they name their team. And so, Team Excellent Era sets their sights on defeating all opponents who stand in their way of reaching the ultimate summit of Glory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dismissed as a hopeless loser by those around him, 27-year-old Arata Kaizaki bounces around from one job to another after quitting his first company. His unremarkable existence takes a sharp turn when he meets Ryou Yoake, a member of the ReLife Research Institute, who offers Arata the opportunity to change his life for the better with the help of a mysterious pill. Taking it without a second thought, Arata awakens the next day to find that his appearance has reverted to that of a 17-year-old.Arata soon learns that he is now the subject of a unique experiment and must attend high school as a transfer student for one year. Though he initially believes it will be a cinch due to his superior life experience, Arata is proven horribly wrong on his first day: he flunks all his tests, is completely out of shape, and can't keep up with the new school policies that have cropped up in the last 10 years. Furthermore, Ryou has been assigned to observe him, bringing Arata endless annoyance. ReLIFE follows Arata's struggle to adjust to his hectic new lifestyle and avoid repeating his past mistakes, all while slowly discovering more about his fellow classmates.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaoru goes to the harbor every day to see if Kenshin has returned. After a while, she starts looking back at her life with Kenshin and all the things that have happened.(Source: ANN)Long ago, all humans lived beneath the sea. However, some people preferred the surface and abandoned living underwater permanently. As a consequence, they were stripped of their god-given protection called "Ena" which allowed them to breathe underwater. Over time, the rift between the denizens of the sea and of the surface widened, although contact between the two peoples still existed.Nagi no Asu kara follows the story of Hikari Sakishima and Manaka Mukaido, along with their childhood friends Chisaki Hiradaira and Kaname Isaki, who are forced to leave the sea and attend a school on the surface. There, the group also meets Tsumugu Kihara, a fellow student and fisherman who loves the sea.Hikari and his friends' lives are bound to change as they have to deal with the deep-seated hatred and discrimination between the people of sea and of the surface, the storms in their personal lives, as well as an impending tempest which may spell doom for all who dwell on the surface.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episode based on manga Navigation 39 entitled "The Secret Place". Its action takes place between episodes 5 and 6 of Aria the Origination.Akari and President Aria take a walk in the eastern part of Neo-Venezia. The are spotted by Akatsuki, who follows them to try to greet Akari. They eventually end up at St Mark's Basilica, where Akari has a secret place, which is discovered by Akatsuki, Aika, and Alice. (Source: Wikipedia)Like the R Season, Sailor Stars is divided into two parts:The first part resolves some conflicts from the SuperS season, and sees the return of the Outer Senshi, Haruka, Michiru, Setsuna, and Hotaru (now reborn as a child).In the second part Usagi bids farewell to Mamoru, who is going to America to study. At the same time, the Three Lights apper, an idol trio consisting of three boys, Seiya, Taiki, and Yaten. The new enemy is Galaxia, a woman who desires to rule the entire galaxy by collecting the Star Seeds of humans. Three new Senshi appear, the Sailor Starlights, who have their own reasons to stop Galaxia, but without Sailor Moon's help.Rumor has it that Momo Kawashima, former student council member at Ooarai Girls Academy, is bound to repeat a year. Having failed her university entry exams, she is far from spending another year at Ooarai, but her plight is unenviable nevertheless.The only way for her to gain admission into a university is to be granted an athletic scholarship. With the Winter Continuous Track Cup rapidly approaching, Momo becomes the commander of Ooarai's tankery team, so as to demonstrate her sport skills and wipe away the stain on her honor.Their first opponent—French-themed BC Freedom High School—is split into two factions that are constantly at odds with each other. Despite this seemingly fortuitous match against a disorganized rival, Ooarai might soon find itself taking one step too far.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 1996, and second-year high school students Haruo Yaguchi, Akira Oono, and Koharu Hidaka live their lives as passionately about video games as they were five years ago. Brought together by arcade games, what began as a healthy rivalry and friendship has turned into something more. As they endeavour towards understanding their unfamiliar feelings, they work with allies, navigate high school, and find that, although life has its many challenges, there's always a game or two they can rely on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After their victory over Shitenhouji Middle School in the semifinals, Ryouma Echizen and the Seishun Academy Boys Tennis Team must now face off against the two-time defending champions of Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School in order to claim the national title. Rikkai is not only seeking revenge for its team's previous loss to Seishun at the Kanto Regional Tournament, but they also are aiming to win the national title for a third consecutive year.In the conclusion of Tennis no Oujisama, the titular "Prince of Tennis" is pitted against the "Child of God" in a head-to-head battle for the national championship title. Along the way, Ryouma must teach his opponents and teammates that there is more to tennis than winning.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tanya Degurechaff is a young soldier infamous for predatorial-like ruthlessness and an uncanny, tactical aptitude, earning her the nickname of the "Devil of the Rhine." Underneath her innocuous appearance, however, lies the soul of a man who challenged Being X, the self-proclaimed God, to a battle of wits—which resulted in him being reincarnated as a little girl into a world of magical warfare. Hellbent on defiance, Tanya resolves to ascend the ranks of her country's military as it slowly plunges into world war, with only Being X proving to be the strongest obstacle in recreating the peaceful life she once knew. But her perceptive actions and combat initiative have an unintended side effect: propelling the mighty Empire into becoming one of the most powerful nations in mankind's history.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Animated short film about the backstory of the Knave from Genshin Impact.A dark age of cooking befalls Tootsuki Culinary Academy. With the Elite Ten's devastating coup d'état, Azami Nakiri is now the director of the prestigious school. Students must now conform to Azami's ideology of "true gourmet food" and are forbidden to express creativity, or else face expulsion.However, Souma Yukihira and the members of the Polar Star Dormitory refuse to accept these changes. Aided by other rebellious first-years, including the tenth seat, Erina Nakiri, Souma and his allies band together to fight off supporters of Azami's regime. But corrupt instructors and the menacing Central organization stand in their way, and so they must work together, harder than ever before, to survive every underhanded plot designed to banish them from the school.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Four Cardinal Heroes are a group of ordinary men from modern-day Japan summoned to the kingdom of Melromarc to become its saviors. Melromarc is a country plagued by the Waves of Catastrophe that have repeatedly ravaged the land and brought disaster to its citizens for centuries. The four heroes are respectively bestowed a sword, spear, bow, and shield to vanquish these Waves. Naofumi Iwatani, an otaku, becomes cursed with the fate of being the "Shield Hero." Armed with only a measly shield, Naofumi is belittled and ridiculed by his fellow heroes and the kingdom's people due to his weak offensive capabilities and lackluster personality.When the heroes are provided with resources and comrades to train with, Naofumi sets out with the only person willing to train alongside him, Malty Melromarc. He is soon betrayed by her, however, and becomes falsely accused of taking advantage of her. Naofumi then becomes heavily discriminated against and hated by the people of Melromarc for something he didn't do. With a raging storm of hurt and mistrust in his heart, Naofumi begins his journey of strengthening himself and his reputation. Further along however, the difficulty of being on his own sets in, so Naofumi buys a demi-human slave on the verge of death named Raphtalia to accompany him on his travels.As the Waves approach the kingdom, Naofumi and Raphtalia must fight for the survival of the kingdom and protect the people of Melromarc from their ill-fated future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the stories of those connected to Wagnaria come to a close, only one thing is certain: the workplace is about to get crazier than ever before! Whether it be incredibly awkward romances, relentless searches for lost relatives, or even uncomfortable family reunions, lover of all things cute and tiny Souta Takanashi and his motley crew have plenty on their plates. With more Napoleon complexes, androphobia, and katana-wielding than you can shake a frying pan at, Working!!! delivers a final serving of the staff's hilarious misadventures working at everybody's favorite family restaurant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a young child, Aizawa Yuuichi had often visited his cousin in the city; however, something drastic happened to keep him away for seven long years. Now, Yuuichi returns, his memories of those days are simply gone.Settling into the wintry town, Yuuichi comes across several young girls, all of whom are connected to his past. As he befriends them and continues to interact with them, the long forgotten memories from his childhood begin to resurface...[Written by MAL Rewrite]In C.E.75, the fighting still continues.There are independence movements, and aggression by Blue Cosmos... In order to calm the situation, a global peace monitoring agency called COMPASS is established, with Lacus as its first president. As members of COMPASS, Kira and his comrades intervene into various regional battles. Then a newly established nation called Foundation proposes a joint operation against a Blue Cosmos stronghold.(Source: sugoi.co)In Universal Century 0079, forces of the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon engage in a battle within the Thunderbolt Sector during the One Year War. This section of space—known for its constant strikes of electricity—proves to be a deadly battlefield, as Federation pilot Io Fleming leads a charge against Zeon's ace Daryl Lorenz and his squad of snipers. With the fighters on both sides proving to be formidable soldiers, neither side is willing to back down, fighting strategically amongst the remnants of colonies.But when Io gets a hold of a prototype Gundam, Daryl will have to make a sacrifice in order to obtain enough power to crush his enemy and ensure that Zeon is victorious, or watch as his comrades are slaughtered by a single man.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Federation troops and Zeon forces carry out a fierce battle in the Thunderbolt Sector in what was once Side 4 "Moore." The Thunderbolt Sector is a shoal zone composed of the debris of destroyed space colonies, named for the electrical discharges from the metal debris. MS pilot Io Flemming is among the Federation soldiers who are dispatched to the area, where Zeon sniper Daryl Lorenz awaits them on the battlefield.(Source: Gundam Wikia)The friendly and sincere Kobato Hanato has a wish to go to a particular place no matter what. To fulfill this desire, she is tasked with helping people in their times of distress. For each mended broken heart, a small candy-like fragment is produced and fills a special bottle. Once the bottle is full, her wish will be granted.As Kobato carries out her mission alongside her stuffed toy companion, Ioryogi, she encounters various people troubled by their different situations. From a child struggling with his parents, a high school girl troubled about romance, and everything in between, Kobato's naturally sweet smile and outgoing personality are ready to brighten their day![Written by MAL Rewrite]After a curse turned him into a pig, World War I ace Marco Pagot becomes Porco Rosso, a mysterious bounty hunter who takes down sky pirates in the Adriatic Sea. He whiles away his days on a secluded island, rarely leaving other than to collect bounties or to visit the beautiful Gina, a songstress and owner of the Hotel Adriano.One day, while traveling to fix his faulty engine, Porco Rosso is gunned down by a young American hotshot named Donald Curtis. Thrilled at the possibility of fame, Donald boldly declares that the flying pig is dead. Not wanting to disappoint Gina, Porco Rosso flees to the famous Piccolo S.P.A. airplane company and takes out a massive loan in order to repair and improve his fighter plane. There, he is surprised to find that the chief engineer of Piccolo S.P.A. is the 17-year-old Fio Piccolo, who hungers for a chance to prove herself. With Fio's improvements, Porco Rosso prepares to challenge Donald officially and regain his honor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Macross Frontier movie.After warping light-years away from Earth, the spacecraft Macross carries a city of civilians and soldiers back home. They continuously fight off the threat of the Zentradi and Meltrandi, giant alien races with whom humanity wages war. During a battle, the Macross transforms into a mecha operated by fighter pilot Hikaru Ichijou. Thrust into a number of hardships, Hikaru grows close to the city's idol Minmay Lynn. As their relationship develops, however, it is viewed unfavorably by others due to Minmay's status and popularity.With war raging on and the state of Earth unknown, Hikaru and his fellow soldiers fight on against their mysterious enemies. Throughout the bloodshed, Hikaru and Minmay attempt to keep hold of their feelings for one another. Minmay pours her heart into her music, which may just turn out to be the key to finding peace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In times of need, if you look in the right place, you just may see a strange telephone number scrawled in red. If you call this number, you will hear a young man introduce himself as the Yato God.Yato is a minor deity and a self-proclaimed "Delivery God," who dreams of having millions of worshippers. Without a single shrine dedicated to his name, however, his goals are far from being realized. He spends his days doing odd jobs for five yen apiece, until his weapon partner becomes fed up with her useless master and deserts him.Just as things seem to be looking grim for the god, his fortune changes when a middle school girl, Hiyori Iki, supposedly saves Yato from a car accident, taking the hit for him. Remarkably, she survives, but the event has caused her soul to become loose and hence able to leave her body. Hiyori demands that Yato return her to normal, but upon learning that he needs a new partner to do so, reluctantly agrees to help him find one. And with Hiyori's help, Yato's luck may finally be turning around.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Na-i-sho is a 13 episode OAV series detailing the summer between the ~motto~ and the Dokkaan season. It is a bit more mature than the TV seasons, and looks to develop each of the five witches romantically. Hana is back to a baby, and the mahou shop is a bakery. (Source: ANN)Patema is a plucky young girl from an underground civilization boasting an incredible network of tunnels. Inspired by a friend that mysteriously went missing, she is often reprimanded due to her constant excursions of these tunnels due to her royal status. After she enters what is known as the "forbidden zone," she accidentally falls into a giant bottomless pit after being startled by a strange creature.Finding herself on the surface, a world literally turned upside down, she begins falling towards the sky only to be saved by Age, a discontented student of the totalitarian nation known as Aiga. The people of Aiga are taught to believe that "Inverts," like Patema, are sinners that will be "swallowed by the sky," but Age has resisted this propaganda and decides to protect his new friend. A chance meeting between two curious teenagers leads to an exploration of two unique worlds as they begin working together to unveil the secrets of their origins in Sakasama no Patema, a heart-warming film about overcoming differences in order to coexist.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Bands... are always making me dream."Poppin'Party, Roselia, and RAISE A SUILEN's successful concert at the Budokan has passed.Kasumi and the others, who have left a lingering sound on the stage of their dreams, are approached by a mysterious woman.Their next stage is overseas?!Poppin'Party's music isn't stopping yet!(Source: BanG Dream! Wiki)Izuku "Deku'' Midoriya and his fellow students in Class 1-A of UA High's hero course have been chosen to participate in a safety program on Nabu Island. To further improve their skills and gain experience in more ordinary heroics, the students aid the kind citizens with small services and everyday chores. With the low crime rate in the quiet community, all seems well and good, but the rise of a new villain threatens to put the students' courage to the test and challenge their capabilities as heroes.A merciless villain by the name of Nine is in search of a certain "quirk" needed to fulfill his diabolical plan—creating a society where only those with the strongest quirks reign supreme. As his attack on Nabu Island endangers the lives of the residents, securing the citizens becomes the first priority for Class 1-A; defeating Nine along with his wicked accomplices is also imperative. A straightforward strategy is formulated until a young boy named Katsuma Shimano, whom Deku had befriended, suddenly requires particular protection. Concerned for the boy's wellbeing, Deku and his classmates must now devise a plan to ensure Katsuma's safety at all costs.With Nine wreaking havoc to find the catalyst for his ill-intended schemes and the heroes desperate to defend Katsuma from harm, will Deku and his friends be able to come out victorious, or will they find themselves unable to escape a hopeless situation?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years ago, Mitsuki Kouyama's friend, Eichi Sakurai, moved to America before she could confess her feelings to him. Though she cannot contact him, they made a promise to fulfill their respective dreams: Mitsuki wants to become a professional singer, and Eichi an astronomer. She hopes that one day her music will reach him across the world with a brilliance like that of the full moon.There is just one catch: Mitsuki suffers from throat cancer, which makes her voice quiet and singing strenuous. Her grandmother, who has a hatred of music, insists that Mitsuki undergo surgery to remove the cancer, but she refuses due to the risk of losing her voice. One day, two shinigami—Meroko Yui and Takuto Kira—appear to tell her that she only has one year left to live. This sudden revelation spurs Mitsuki into action, and she decides that with Meroko and Takuto's help, she will become a professional singer in the time she has left.Full Moon wo Sagashite follows the emotional story of Mitsuki and her shinigami friends as they discover what it means to sing—and ultimately, what it means to live.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Studying at the Yamabuki Arts High School has been a dream-come-true for Yuno, and she's learned so much already! And not just from her instructors, but from her friends and neighbors who've become her second family and made the Hidamari Apartments such a safe and nurturing home. But as the day of her "big sisters" Sae and Hiro's graduation draws slowly closer, it's time for Yuno to start seriously taking on the same role for Nazuna, Nori and the other budding young artists who've entered Hidamari's protective cocoon. And it's also time to tackle some really challenging artistic assignments. That doesn't mean there won't still be time for fun with Miyako and all the others, but it's definitely time to pencil in her plans for the future. And sometimes that means you have to put the art before the course! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) The second animated live movie for the BanG Dream! franchise and the sequel to BanG Dream! FILM LIVE.(Source:BanG Dream! Wikia)Ichigo Kurosaki is an ordinary high schooler—until his family is attacked by a Hollow, a corrupt spirit that seeks to devour human souls. It is then that he meets a Soul Reaper named Rukia Kuchiki, who gets injured while protecting Ichigo's family from the assailant. To save his family, Ichigo accepts Rukia's offer of taking her powers and becomes a Soul Reaper as a result.However, as Rukia is unable to regain her powers, Ichigo is given the daunting task of hunting down the Hollows that plague their town. However, he is not alone in his fight, as he is later joined by his friends—classmates Orihime Inoue, Yasutora Sado, and Uryuu Ishida—who each have their own unique abilities. As Ichigo and his comrades get used to their new duties and support each other on and off the battlefield, the young Soul Reaper soon learns that the Hollows are not the only real threat to the human world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A.D. 2016, the foundations of humanity have been incinerated by the Mage King Solomon. Chaldea, a secret mages organization with the mission to preserve humanity's future, foresaw mankind's extinction in 2015. Thus commenced the operation to repair the Singularities in history caused by Holy Grails dispersed across time and space—Operation Grand Order. Using the Rayshift time travel technology, Chaldea's last master Ritsuka Fujimaru and his demi-servant Mash Kyrielight have traveled to and resolved six Singularities. Now, they depart for their most dangerous destination yet: a civilization in the Age of Gods, B.C. 2655 Mesopotamia. Ritsuka and Mash soon discover that Demonic Beasts roam the land, attacking people and towns. Amidst chaos and terror lies humanity's last defense—Uruk, a fortress city that acts as the frontline for the battle against the beasts. The battlefront is commanded by none other than King Gilgamesh, the King of Heroes, who sought aid from Heroic Spirits and took on the role of a mage to protect his city. Along with Gilgamesh and the summoned servants, Ritsuka and Mash must protect Uruk against the magical beasts' onslaught and defeat the Three Goddess Alliance who aims to eradicate humankind; all the while, a greater threat looms over Uruk, preparing for its awakening.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rai is a space opera that fuses feudal Chinese and Japanese customs with vast galaxy spanning empires and space-going societies. The story follows the life and times of the samurai Rai, and the quest of several spacefaring factions for control of territory and, of course, the Empire.Hikaru is given a phone call asking him to appear in the Japan/China/Korea Junior's Tournament but he finds out he will have to take place in a preliminary tournament to choose Japan's three contestants. Upon discussing this with Akira, he discovers that Akira has already been chosen for the tournament and will not be taking place in the preliminaries. Hikaru then decides not to visit Akira's Go Salon until he takes his place on the team with Akira. That may be tougher than originally planned, as not only does Hikaru have to battle with old friends for one of two coveted spots, but he may have a new challenger, in a promising player from the Kansai Go Institute. (Source: ANN)The streets of Treasure Town are said to belong to "The Cats." They know everything that goes on in the city, and no one can stir up trouble without going through them first. In reality, The Cats are a pair of orphan boys called Black and White, who aren’t afraid of anything or anyone. But their rule of the streets is challenged when the Yakuza come to town and start making changes. The wild Black and the carefree White have no one to rely on but themselves to get their Treasure Town back to the way it was. But their bond is tested as they quickly realize going back to how things were may no longer be an option.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tarou Kabakura, a third-year high school student and captain of the boys' volleyball team, is constantly being harassed by his underclassman Hanako Koyanagi, who is in charge of the girls' team. Koyanagi insists that since the girls have a match coming up, Kabakura should give up the courts to let them practice. When he refuses, she pulls out photographic evidence exposing his secret hobby.With the danger of his entire team finding out about his otaku interests looming over him, Kabakura agrees to hand over the volleyball courts to Koyanagi, giving her some private coaching as well. As the two grow closer, they begin to forge an everlasting bond.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third OVA—covering the "employee trip" chapter(s) from the sixth tankouban volume—will be bundled with the special edition of the 11th and final volume of the manga which ships on October 14, 2021.(Source: MAL News, edited)The Kaleido Stage is known throughout the world for captivating audiences with its amazing acrobatics, innovative routines, and extravagant costumes and sets. It is a place for guests to believe in magic, and Sora Naegino wants nothing more than to be a part of that magic—by becoming an acrobat for the famed circus herself.To realize her dream, she travels from Japan to California to audition for a place in the group. However, Sora learns that she needs much more than her natural talent to bring joy to the faces in the crowd. She quickly discovers just how difficult it is to be a professional performer where the stakes—and the stunts—are higher and mistakes spell danger! To put on performances worthy of the Kaleido Stage, she will need to endure rigorous training, unconventional assignments, fierce competition, and the antics of a mischievous spirit named Fool.Can Sora reach new heights, make new friends, conquer her fears, and surpass her limits to become a Kaleido Star?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After surviving a brutal terrorist attack on Plant Quetta, Suletta Mercury returns to dueling at the Asticassia School of Technology, while Miorine Rembran sits at her injured father's side, waiting to see if he will recover. As the residents of Earth House are preoccupied with their respective troubles, two members of Dawn of Fold—the perpetrators of the attack—secretly infiltrate the school, putting Suletta and her friends at risk.At the same time, Prospera, Suletta's mother, approaches Miorine to propose the continuation of "Quiet Zero"—a project headed by Miorine's father that can allegedly end all war. Prospera seems to be another political figure with hidden, opposing motives, and whether she truly has Suletta's well-being at heart remains to be seen.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As Kobayashi sets off for another day at work, she opens her apartment door only to be met by an unusually frightening sight—the head of a dragon, staring at her from across the balcony. The dragon immediately transforms into a cute, busty, and energetic young girl dressed in a maid outfit, introducing herself as Tooru.It turns out that the stoic programmer had come across the dragon the previous night on a drunken excursion to the mountains, and since the mythical beast had nowhere else to go, she had offered the creature a place to stay in her home. Thus, Tooru had arrived to cash in on the offer, ready to repay her savior's kindness by working as her personal maidservant. Though deeply regretful of her words and hesitant to follow through on her promise, a mix of guilt and Tooru's incredible dragon abilities convinces Kobayashi to take the girl in.Despite being extremely efficient at her job, the maid's unorthodox methods of housekeeping often end up horrifying Kobayashi and at times bring more trouble than help. Furthermore, the circumstances behind the dragon's arrival on Earth seem to be much more complicated than at first glance, as Tooru bears some heavy emotions and painful memories. To top it all off, Tooru's presence ends up attracting several other mythical beings to her new home, bringing in a host of eccentric personalities. Although Kobayashi makes her best effort to handle the crazy situation that she has found herself in, nothing has prepared her for this new life with a dragon maid.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Everyone has a dream they strive to achieve, and so does the musically talented Kanon Shibuya. However, due to her stage fright, Kanon fails to make it into Yuigaoka Girls' High School's music program and instead ends up in the general curriculum. Even though Kanon makes the conscious decision to quit music altogether, her classmate Tang Keke rekindles Kanon's passion for music with her own: a passion for school idols.Although Keke and Kanon try to form a school idol group, their effort meets strong objections from Ren Hazuki, the daughter of the school's director. Even so, the girls soon visit the director, who allows them to set up their school idol club under one condition—they must win first place at the Yoyogi School Idol Festival.The resilience of these aspiring idols is put to the test as they face the challenges that come their way. Throughout their journey, the girls make new friends and meet new members that join them to become the dazzling idols others can only imagine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the Takakura family, destiny is an ever-spinning wheel, pointing passionately in their direction with equal tides of joy and sorrow before ticking on to the next wishmaker. With their parents gone, twin brothers Kanba and Shouma live alone with their beloved little sister Himari, whose poor health cannot decline any further.On the day Himari is given permission to temporarily leave the hospital, her brothers take her out to the aquarium to celebrate, where the family's supposed fate is brought forth with her sudden collapse. However, when Himari is inexplicably revived by a penguin hat from the aquarium's souvenir shop, the hand of fate continues to tick faithfully forward.With her miraculous recovery, though, comes a cost: there is a new entity within her body, whose condition for keeping her fate at bay sends the boys on a wild goose chase for the mysterious "Penguin Drum." In their search, the boys will have to follow the threads of fate leading from their own shocking past and into the lives of other wishmakers vying for the Penguin Drum, all hoping to land upon their chosen destiny.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hotaru Ichijou's lifestyle completely changes when she leaves Tokyo and moves with her family to the isolated Asahigaoka village. Her new school has only five students including herself, all sharing a single classroom regardless of grade level. There are no convenience stores in the area, and it can take up to two hours for a bus to arrive.Nevertheless, Hotaru finds herself captivated by the countryside's charm thanks to her four unique schoolmates with whom she quickly forms a genuine bond. The most colorful of them is Renge Miyauchi, a first-grader who is often perceptive despite her age. However, no less intriguing are the three Koshigaya siblings: the quiet oldest brother Suguru, the petite older sister Komari, and the prankish youngest sister Natsumi.Having someone from the city join their cheerful little group enlivens the ordinary days in Asahigaoka. Not only does Hotaru bring firsthand knowledge from the alluring outside world, but her fresh outlook on life welcomes a blossom of change to their usual routine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Long before Rikuo Nura was born, the legendary youkai Nurarihyon, leader of a "Night Parade of One Hundred Demons," fell in love with a human woman. Though the two would initially find happiness, a threat from the terrifying fox-demon Hagoromo Gitsune would get in the way of their relationship. In the present, Rikuo has taken his rightful place as the heir to the Nura Clan. While he has accepted his youkai side, he must continue to maintain the secret of youkai, a difficult task when faced with the Keikain onmyouji clan and his youkai-obsessed friend, Kiyotsugu. Even so, Rikuo will do what he must to protect those important to him.The reappearance of the sinister Hagoromo Gitsune marks the start of Rikuo's most fearsome trial yet. The frightening creature bears a personal vendetta against his family and will stop at nothing to see her dream come to fruition. The world stands at a precipice, an all-out war that will drag Rikuo centerstage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gen Kudou, a koto maker, believes that his delinquent grandson Chika would never understand the profoundness of the traditional musical instrument. In an attempt to make up for his naivety and understand the words of his late grandfather, Chika tries to join the Tokise High School Koto Club. Even though the club is in dire need of members, new club president Takezou Kurata is unwilling to easily accept Chika's application due to his bad reputation. Nonetheless, after seeing Chika's seriousness and enthusiasm, Takezou allows the problem child to join, along with koto prodigy Satowa Houzuki and three of Chika's energetic friends. Kono Oto Tomare! follows the merry band of musicians as they aspire to play at the national competition.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hot on the heels of the third year students' graduation, μ's is invited to New York in hopes of spreading the joy of school idols to other parts of the world. Due to the events of the recent Love Live!, μ's has reached eminent stardom which results in crowds swarming them whenever they appear in public. With the increased attention, however, comes a difficult choice.Having yet to publicly announce the decision they came to regarding their future, the young members of μ's are pushed to continue performing by rival group A-RISE, Otonokizaka High School, and even Love Live! itself. As leader, Honoka Kousaka is left wondering if the path they have chosen is truly for the best, as μ's must re-evaluate their choices and come to a final decision on what they want for the future.Love Live! The School Idol Movie depicts the final chapter in μ's story as the girls explore just what being an idol means to them as well as the bond that connects the nine of them together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Set over 20 years prior to the main One Piece story, this limited release OVA chronicles the confrontation between Gold Lion Shiki and Gold Roger as well as other events around the world around the time of the Pirate King's execution. The majority of the Matsuno household is comprised of six identical siblings: self-centered leader Osomatsu, manly Karamatsu, voice of reason Choromatsu, cynical Ichimatsu, hyperactive Juushimatsu, and lovable Todomatsu. Despite each one of them being over the age of 20, they are incredibly lazy and have absolutely no motivation to get a job, choosing to live as NEETs instead. In the rare occurrence that they try to look for employment and are somehow able to land an interview, their unique personalities generally lead to their swift rejection.From trying to pick up girlfriends to finding the perfect job, the daily activities of the Matsuno brothers are never dull as they go on all sorts of crazy, and often downright bizarre, adventures. Though they desperately search for a way to improve their social standing, it won't be possible if they can't survive the various challenges that come with being sextuplets![Written by MAL Rewrite]Mafia is rife in America where assassinations are a regular occurrence on the streets. Inferno, a mysterious company, is behind most of these dealings through the use of their near-invincible human weapon, "Phantom."One day, a Japanese tourist accidentally witnesses Phantom's latest murder. Desperate to escape, the tourist hides in a secluded building. However, Phantom, revealed to be a young woman named Ein, and the leader of Inferno "Scythe Master" captures the tourist and brainwashes him.Given the name "Zwei," this once peaceful tourist is now a puppet of Inferno with no memories. Drawn into a world of lies, deceit, and violence, Zwei must fight to survive, hopefully to one day regain his memories and escape from this world where he is constantly on the brink of death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Clannad: Mou Hitotsu no Sekai, Tomoyo-hen is set in an alternate reality where Tomoya Okazaki dates his junior, Tomoyo Sakagami.Tomoyo has been elected to be the school's next Student Council President. This is great news as she can now work toward her goal of preventing the school's cherry blossom trees from being axed. Although Tomoya is ecstatic for her, given his reputation as a delinquent in school, his relationship with Tomoyo is making them the subject of gossip around the campus, which can potentially compromise her standing as Student Council President. The school community's disapproval of their relationship becomes more apparent when the Student Council's Vice-President and even the school's administration warn Tomoya to distance himself from Tomoyo.With the bad atmosphere widening the rift between Tomoya and Tomoyo, will Tomoya succumb to societal pressure and do as they say, or will their love for each other rise above it all?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After succumbing to an unenviable fate, Kiritsugu Emiya has left Shirou Emiya the duty to save mankind in his place. The world is dying and time is ticking, but when the salvation Shirou seeks is at the cost of his only family left—his younger sister—will he still have the heart to pursue this duty?Shirou is now pressed with the choice to continue being a hero of justice—or become the very evil his ideal has vowed to vanquish. The orphan is alone once again, yet his body is still made of swords. The Fifth Holy Grail War now begins with his oath under snow.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A goldfish sneaks away from home and floats off on the back of a jellyfish. After getting stuck in a glass jar, she drifts to the shore where she is freed by Sousuke, a five-year-old boy who lives with his mother Lisa in a house by the sea while his father Koichi works on a fishing boat. After healing a cut on Sousuke's finger by licking it, the goldfish is named Ponyo by her new friend.Unknown to Sousuke, Ponyo already has a name and a family. Her father Fujimoto, a sorcerer who forsook his humanity to live underwater, searches frantically for his daughter Brunhilde. When found and captured, Ponyo rejects her birth name and declares that she wants to become a human. Using the power received from Sousuke's blood, she grows arms and legs and escapes to the surface once more. But the magic released into the ocean causes an imbalance in nature, causing the Moon to start falling out of orbit and the tides to grow dangerously stronger. Reunited with Ponyo, Sousuke must pass an ancient test to restore order in the world and let his companion live on as a human.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although the year is coming close to an end, there is no lack of fun for Kokoa Hoto and the other café waitresses! From bazaars to festivals, life is as enjoyable as it gets. As for Chino Kafuu and her middle school friends—the friendly Megumi Natsu and the playful Maya Jouga—they begin to look towards the future and decide on a high school to enroll in.Bonds of friendship and exciting adventures blend into Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? Bloom as the joyful lives of the café waitresses continue.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takemichi Hanagaki's second year of middle school was the highest point in his life. He had respect, a gang of friends he could count on, and even a girlfriend. But that was twelve years ago. Today, he's a nobody: a washed-up nonentity made fun of by children and always forced to apologize to his younger boss. A sudden news report on the Tokyo Manji Gang's cruel murder of the only girlfriend he ever had alongside her brother only adds insult to injury. Half a second before a train ends his pitiful life for good, Takemichi flashes back to that same day 12 years ago, when he was still dating Hinata Tachibana.After being forced to relive the very same day that began his downward spiral, Takemichi meets Hinata's younger brother. Without thinking, he admits to his seeming death before flashing back to the past. Takemichi urges him to protect his sister before inexplicably returning to the future. Miraculously, he is not dead. Stranger still, the future has changed. It seems as though Takemichi can alter the flow of time. Given the chance to prevent his ex-girlfriend's tragic death at the hands of the Tokyo Manji Gang, Takemichi decides to fly through time to change the course of the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While mahjong is a game that is often played with family and friends, it is also a game that is played in the darkest corners of society. Nangou is a compulsive gambler who has accumulated debt over three million yen. In a last ditch attempt to clear his record, he decides to wager his life on a game of mahjong with the mafia. Unfortunately, as the game progresses, Nangou only moves further from the prize and closer to death.When all hope seems lost, the game parlor is suddenly intruded upon by Shigeru Akagi, a young boy on the run from the police. Desperate to turn the game around, Nangou hands the game over to Akagi after teaching him a few of the rules. The mafia can only smirk as Akagi sits down to play. However, they soon come to learn that Akagi is a natural-born gambler. An imposing figure who does not fear death. One who is destined to become a legend.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Happa no SuizokukanOne morning, Daikichi Kawachi finds Rin Kaga eagerly crafting fish out of autumn leaves. Wanting to spur her newfound interest, Daikichi helps Rin learn more about the beautiful and diverse animals that live under the sea.Santa-san eSpending their first Christmas together, Daikichi and Rin prepare to welcome Santa Claus and his reindeer.Osora ni MankaiWith the cherry blossoms in full bloom, Rin wants to go flower watching the next day with Daikichi alongside Kouki and Yukari Nitani. However, the forecast of a spring storm may dampen their plans.Kaeri MichiAfter their visit to a summer festival, Kouki is still energetic and wishes to look around more. Daikichi decides to take the group on a quick detour before heading home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story revolves around D, the infamous "dhampir" (born of a vampire father and a human mother) outcast and renowned vampire hunter. His prowess at hunting the creatures of the night allowing his acceptance among humans, he is called upon to locate Charlotte Elbourne, the lovely daughter of an affluent family who has been mysteriously kidnapped.When the sun sets, the hunt goes on! Charlotte's father offers a rich bounty, be she dead or alive, a task D willingly accepts, even with notorious Markus brothers and their gang of bounty hunters seeking the prize as well. Amidst the chase and unknown to all lurks, a sinister evil which has been secretly manipulating their every move and has set a chilling trap that none will expect and few will survive. With the tables turned and the secrets revealed, the hunters could quickly become the hunted!(Source: AniDB) Having slept through all four of her alarms, the energetic Narumi Momose finds herself running late for her first day of work at a new office. As she races to catch her train, she makes a promise to herself that none of her coworkers will find out about her dark secret: that she is an otaku and a fujoshi. Her plan goes instantly awry, though, when she runs into Hirotaka Nifuji, an old friend from middle school. Although she tries to keep her secret by inviting him out for drinks after work, her cover is blown when he casually asks her whether or not she will be attending the upcoming Summer Comiket. Luckily for her, the only witnesses—Hanako Koyanagi and Tarou Kabakura—are otaku as well.Later that night, the pair go out for drinks so that they can catch up after all the years apart. After Narumi complains about her previous boyfriend breaking up with her because he refused to date a fujoshi, Hirotaka suggests that she try dating a fellow otaku, specifically himself. He makes a solemn promise to always be there for her, to support her, and to help her farm for rare drops in Monster Hunter. Blown away by the proposal, Narumi agrees immediately. Thus the two otaku start dating, and their adorably awkward romance begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Summer break has arrived, but while his other classmates are out having fun, Kimihiro Watanuki continues to work as compensation for the eccentric Yuuko in her shop. With the spirits and supernatural phenomena that bother him lessening, he pays his dues by cleaning, cooking, and doing whatever else the apparently lazy Yuuko needs.Watanuki, however, gets involved in a new predicament when Yuuko receives a mysterious invitation to a mansion whose owner seeks Yuuko's wish-granting ability. When he, Yuuko, and his classmate Shizuka Doumeki make their way to the peculiar residence, they meet others who were summoned by the same strange invitation. All of them are collectors of various unique items, drawn there by the chance to expand their collections. But as the collectors begin to disappear one by one, Watanuki and his companions must solve the mystery and put the case to rest, or find themselves in risk of danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Yi Nian Yong Heng.Sakamichi Onoda is a cheerful otaku looking to join his new school's anime club, eager to finally make some friends. Unfortunately, the club has been disbanded and he takes it upon himself to revive it by finding students who are willing to join. Without much luck, Onoda decides to make a round trip to Akihabara on his old, bulky city bicycle, a weekly 90-kilometer ride he has been completing since fourth grade.This is when he meets fellow first year student, Shunsuke Imaizumi, a determined cyclist who is using the school's steep incline for practice. Surprised by Onoda's ability to climb the hill with his specific type of bicycle, Imaizumi challenges him to a race, with the proposition of joining the anime club should Onoda win. And thus begins the young boy's first foray into the world of high school bicycle racing![Written by MAL Rewrite]"No matter how many years go by, I'm sure we'll still be laughing together." Twins Yuta and Yuki, Kaname, and Shun have been childhood friends since kindergarten. When transfer student Chizuru joins them, their five man school life becomes all the more lively. Through the changing seasons, the boys will find laughter, surprises, love, and new encounters waiting for them. The second season of the boys growing a little every day of their invaluable daily lives is about to begin! (Source: Crunchyroll) Not long after putting the previous supernatural incident behind them, the members of Yamaboshi Academy's Student Cultural Society (StuCS) must deal with Fuusenkazura's newest trial—emotion transmission. This phenomenon allows the club members to hear each others' true thoughts, but with one catch: the timing, sender, and recipient are all completely random. To make matters worse, the club's supervisor, Ryuuzen Gotou, may have to step down due to his responsibilities for the upcoming school year. With emotions running high and Valentine's Day around the corner, the seemingly close bonds of the StuCS will be tested when their true feelings for each other are laid bare.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world of psychology is far from strange to the unusual Dr. Ichirou Irabu, a resident psychiatrist of Irabu General Hospital. He and his charming nurse Mayumi run through several patients, each suffering from a mental illness that harms their everyday life. Patients should be wary of the seductive Mayumi, with her spellbinding looks and devilishly short pink nurse uniform. On the other hand, the doctor seems to have three separate personalities: a child with an oversized lab coat; an intelligent, youthful man with feminine traits; and a selfish, outgoing green bear. While curing his patients in questionable ways, Dr. Irabu often tries to gain something from them outside of his profession—and in doing so, occasionally forgets his role as a doctor.As each patient struggles to face the nature of their distress, an obvious yet invisible thread ties their paths together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 19th century France, a struggling single mother, Fantine, leaves her three-year-old daughter Cosette in the care of her new acquaintances, the Thernadiers. Unfortunately, Cosette's caretakers prove to be anything but loving, and the poor girl is subjected to repeated abuse and forced servitude. Still, she endures the torment in the hopes of seeing her mother once again.One night, while doing errands for her host family, Cosette is assisted by an honorable stranger named Jean Valjean. After a brief conversation with the young girl, Jean acknowledges her as the type of person he has been seeking and rescues her from the clutches of the Thernadiers. They make their way to a nearby town where Cosette enjoys a new life thanks to her savior.Under Jean's guidance, Cosette promises to help others with her newfound freedom. She pledges to heal the nation, ensuring that no one else suffers her fate. Though the road ahead is paved with tragedies left by the French Revolution, this idealistic girl will not rest until France is freed from poverty and suffering.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After surviving a vampire attack, Koyomi Araragi notices that his friend and savior, Tsubasa Hanekawa, has been acting strange. When he happens to cross paths with her on his way to a bookstore and sees she has a bandage on her face, he knows something must definitely be wrong. Araragi wants to help her, but Hanekawa assures him that her wound is just something she received at home and that he should not concern himself with it. But when a white cat with no tail is hit and killed by a car, the pair bury the creature and the real trouble begins.When Araragi later pays a visit to his friend Meme Oshino and recounts the day's events, he is informed what they have buried is actually an apparition, one perfect for Hanekawa in her current state. Tasked with finding his friend to confirm her safety, he discovers that she has attacked her parents, possessed by the "Sawari Neko." Now, it is up to Araragi to help Hanekawa as she once helped him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ojamajo Carnival!! commemorates the 25th anniversary of Ojamajo Doremi.Following the horrific assault on the Re-Estize capital city, the Guardians of the Great Tomb of Nazarick return home to their master Ainz Ooal Gown. After months of laying the groundwork, they are finally ready to set their plans of world domination into action.As Ainz's war machine gathers strength, the rest of the world keeps moving. The remote Carne Village, which Ainz once saved from certain doom, continues to prosper despite the many threats on its doorstep. And in the northeastern Baharuth Empire, a certain Bloody Emperor sets his sights on the rising power of Nazarick.Blood is shed, heroes fall, and nations rise. Can anyone, or anything, challenge the supreme power of Ainz Ooal Gown?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A large-scale catastrophe is occurring across the planet. Ability users are discovered after the appearance of a mysterious fog, apparently having committed suicide, so the Armed Detective Agency sets out to investigate these mysterious deaths. The case seems to involve an unknown ability user referred to as "Collector," a man who could be the mastermind behind the incident.Trust and courage are put to the test in order to save the city of Yokohama and ability users across the world from the grip of Collector where the Armed Detective Agency forms an unlikely partnership with the dangerous Port Mafia. [Written by MAL Rewrite]"City Hunter" is a notorious contractor group with the call sign "XYZ." No matter the job, they will take it, cleaning up the scum on the streets of Tokyo. The key member of City Hunter is Ryou Saeba; armed with his trusty Colt Python and pinpoint accuracy, he works alongside willful tomboy Kaori Makimura.Together they solve tough cases and tackle the numerous dangers that accompany their trade head-on. However, when he's not out hunting crooks and villains, Ryou finds pleasure in chasing beautiful ladies with only Kaori and her one hundred-ton hammer to keep him in check. From pickpockets and arms dealers to crime syndicates, nothing can stand in the way of Ryou Saeba when he takes aim at his next mission.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pushed out to the far reaches of the galaxy, the crew of the Solo Ship faces impossible odds of survival. With the Earth destroyed and the remnants of the Buff Clan pushing them to their limit, the Ideon shows as the last line of defense for the battered remains of humanity. As the tensions of their last stand rack up on their minds, Captain Bes Jordan and pilot Cosmo Yuuki race against the clock to protect their final opportunity of survival, even as desperation eats away at the minds of their loved ones. Using any weapons left at their disposal, the crew desperately fight on to protect themselves in the cold clutches of space, punished with a final duel against Harulu Ajiba, who is now desperate to reclaim the honor lost in her father's eyes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shy, reserved, and small-statured, Deimon High School student Sena Kobayakawa is the perfect target for bullies. However, as a result of running errands throughout his life, Sena has become agile and developed a skill for avoiding crowds of people. After the cunning Youichi Hiruma—captain of the Deimon Devil Bats football team—witnesses Sena's rapid legs in motion, he coerces the timid boy into joining his squad.As Hiruma wants to conceal Sena's identity from other clubs, Sena is forced to hide under the visored helmet of "Eyeshield 21," a mysterious running back wearing the number 21 jersey. The legendary Eyeshield 21 can supposedly run at the speed of light and has achieved remarkable feats in the United States during his time at the Notre Dame College.Accustomed to avoiding his problems in the past, Sena's specialty might just help him become the new secret weapon of the Deimon Devil Bats. As he interacts with his teammates, Sena gradually gains more self-confidence and forges valuable bonds along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After overcoming various tumultuous events, mercenary sergeant Sousuke Sagara of Mithril and "Whispered" school girl Kaname Chidori return to their normal high school lives. Sousuke continues his efforts to assimilate with the civilian population and manage his mission at the same time, while Kaname attempts to support his endeavors (even though his antics often drive her up a wall). However, as their lives calm, new problems begin to appear. The appearance of an independent terrorist organization  known as Amalgam and internal conflicts within Mithril threaten to wreak unity into a series of failures and betrayals. And new, powerful Arm Slave models only worsen the situation when the world's peace is at stake. As Kaname and Sousuke face their own inner battles amidst life-threatening fights, will they be able to make the right choices and change their future?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Marisa, an ordinary magician, suspects a youkai is behind the winterly weather in the middle of spring. She goes off to investigate and soon arrives in the netherworld, facing the youkai behind the strange incident. Will her friend, the shrine maiden Reimu, arrive in time to save the day or will all be lost?(Source: AniDB)Now that Koyomi Araragi and Hitagi Senjougahara have graduated, very few familiar faces remain at Naoetsu Private High School. One of these is Suruga Kanbaru, holder of the Monkey's Paw. When she begins to hear talk of a mysterious being known as the "Devil" who will magically solve any problem, Kanbaru immediately thinks these rumors are about her and decides to investigate.She discovers the Devil is actually Rouka Numachi, a former basketball rival from junior high who is no longer able to play due to a leg injury. Rouka provides free advice to those who seek her out. Acting as a collector of misfortune, she enjoys relieving the stress of her clients by providing them with the false hope of having their problems solved. Although Kanbaru sees no real harm being done, she reprimands Rouka for lying and heads home, relieved she is not the cause of the rumors. But she may have a reason to worry after all: she finds that her left hand has reverted back to its human form.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Remy, a cheerful and tender-hearted girl, lives with her mother in a French country town. One day her father returns to the town after a long period working away from home in a city. Her father tells Remy that she isn't their real daughter, and Remy is almost sold to an evil slave trader. It is Vitalis, a strolling entertainer, who helps Remy. Vitalis discovers her talent for singing and decides to take her in with his troupe.(Source: ANN)Since the demise of the man believed to be Britannia's most wicked emperor one year ago, the world has enjoyed an unprecedented peace under the guidance of the United Federation of Nations. However, this fragile calm is shattered when armed militants successfully kidnap former princess Nunnally vi Britannia and Suzaku Kururugi, the chief advisor of the Black Knights, sparking an international crisis.The powerful and untrustworthy Kingdom of Zilkhstan is accused of orchestrating their capture. To investigate, world authorities send Kallen Stadtfeld and her associates on a covert operation into the country. There, they encounter the immortal witch C.C., who is on a mission to complete the resurrection of the man responsible for the greatest revolution in history—a legend who will rise up, take command, and save the world from peril once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Adult people all over Japan had been captivated by 20th Century Expo, theme parks that reenacted good old days of the 1970s (the last days of Japan's high economic growth). One day the adults disappeared into the theme parks, leaving their children abandoned. That was a plot by "Yesterday Once More," an organization who despises the 21st century and tries to bring Japan back to the 20th century with the dreams and hopes. Shinnosuke and his parents, Hiroshi and Misae, fight against the plot of "Yesterday Once More" in order to live together with family in the 21st century.(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Fleeing from the consequences of his decision at the Hell's Gate, superpowered Contractor Hei and his companion Yin take refuge in a quiet inn, adopting the guise of a married couple in order to not draw suspicion. In an attempt to recover from recent events, Hei befriends the inn's other guests. He discovers that one of them is a fellow Contractor tasked with killing him. Their resulting encounter spells disaster for both Hei and Yin, who are forced to fight for their lives and grapple with the emotional wounds sustained in their previous life together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When we first met Yuno, she'd just been accepted to the prestigious Yamabuki Art School, and it was up to her new neighbors at Hidamari to help her find her way in the big scary world. Now a seasoned vet of the Hidamari Apartments herself, Yuno's newest challenge is to help the latest arrivals, Nazuna and Nori, acclimate to life on their own. Of course, since it IS Hidamari, there are still lots of trials and tribulations ahead, and nothing will ever go quite as expected. But with friends like Miyako, Hiro, and Sae ready to lend a hand, there will always be a ray of sunshine at the end of every storm in Hidamari Sketch x Hoshimittsu.(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Takumi Fujiwara is a skilled street racer, but he suffers a crushing loss against the team Emperor's leader Kyoichi Sudou due to his AE86 experiencing an engine failure. Doubting his abilities, the recent high school graduate is then approached by the Akagi RedSuns' team leader Ryousuke Takahashi, who proposes the formation of a professional street racing team. Although it would be the ideal way to improve as a street racer, Takumi remains undecided.Does the young street racer have what it takes to become a professional? Perhaps Ryousuke and the RedSuns can help him reevaluate his own doubts and misconceptions concerning street racing. However, first and foremost, Takumi decides to settle the score with Kyoichi Sudou...[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the seasons pass by, the end of Mochizou Ooji's third and final school year quickly approaches. He aims to study at a university in Tokyo, but at the cost of leaving behind his loved ones—including his beloved childhood crush, Tamako Kitashirakawa. Having no such plans for the future, Tamako will merely remain in town to work at her family's humble mochi shop.As the time for Mochizou's departure draws closer, the reserved young man must gather up the courage to confess his feelings to Tamako before it is too late—lest his love go unnoticed forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Vash the Stampede is a contradiction. He has a notorious reputation as "The Humanoid Typhoon," laying anything he comes across to waste on the desolate planet of Gunsmoke. However, Vash is in fact very non-confrontational and kind-hearted, living by a code of pacifism.Twenty years ago, a high-profile bank heist went sour. The ringleader, Gasback Gallon Getaway, swore to get back at his backstabbing crew and the man who stopped him from killing them: Vash the Stampede. In the present day, the traitorous crew has been living the good life as successful entrepreneurs and politicians. Although two decades have passed, Gasback's bitterness has not waned as he aims to take them down one by one, by any means necessary. Just in time to foil Gasback's plot, Vash has arrived in Macca City. Teaming up with the mysterious Amelia Ann McFly, along with the insurance agents Milly Thompson and Meryl Stryfe, Vash is ready to rumble. [Written by MAL Rewrite]From an early age, Haruka Sakura was made an outcast due to his unconventional appearance and lack of social skills. However, the rough treatment turned him into a proficient fighter, which is now the only thing he prides himself on. Starting at Furin High School, where it is rumored that strength is valued over academics, Sakura has only one goal—taking the top spot.Involved in a street brawl the day before his enrollment, Sakura happens to meet a group of his future schoolmates. Instead of the usual rejection, they fight alongside him, demonstrating that what the school actually cares about is protecting the town of Makochi from any harm—hence why the students call themselves "Bofurin." Surprised by the support and appreciation of the townspeople, Sakura has a hard time accepting their goodwill.Though unfamiliar with kindness being shown to him, Sakura must learn to push past his discomfort when Bofurin is pitted against formidable enemies. After experiencing the feeling of acceptance, he finds himself fighting for the sake of others for the first time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While countries such as France, England, and Germany all have their own internationally celebrated bread, Japan simply does not have one that can match in reputation.Thus after discovering the wonders of breadmaking at a young age, Kazuma Azuma embarks on a quest to create Japan's own unique national bread. And being blessed with unusually warm hands that allow dough to ferment faster, Azuma is able to bring his baking innovations to another level.As he begins working at the prestigious Japanese bakery chain, Pantasia, Azuma encounters other talented bakers and experiences firsthand the competitive world of baking. Along with his newfound friends and rivals, Azuma strives to create new and unparalleled bread that will start a baking revolution. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The members of the Amusement Club are back with more of Kyouko Toshinou's antics, Chinatsu Yoshikawa's schemes, Yui Funami's retorts, and Akari Akaza's small social presence as they strive to make each day as fun as the last! Whether the activity is an arm wrestling contest or making pancakes together, the group of entertainment-seekers are sure to give it their all.The club members are often joined by their friends in the Student Council, who know how to have a good time as well. While it can get a little chaotic when all eight girls get together, it sure doesn't stop them from meeting up and having fun![Written by MAL Rewrite]It is Universal Century 0087, and the One Year War between the Earth Federation and Principality of Zeon is over. The Earth Federation has created an elite task force, known as the Titans, who are responsible for hunting the remaining Zeon forces. However, the power-hungry Titans have shown themselves to be no better than Zeon, spurring the creation of a rebellious faction called the Anti-Earth Union Group (AEUG).17-year-old Kamille Bidan lives in the colony Green Noa, home to a Titan base. Kamille gets in trouble after assaulting a Titan officer, an event that coincides with an attack led by former Zeon ace Char Aznable, now known as AEUG pilot Quattro Bajeena. When Kamille steals a Titan's prototype Gundam, he soon finds himself in the middle of the dangerous conflict.[Written by MAL Rewrite]China’s Warring States period, a raging dragon that would raze the land for 500 years, saw many kingdoms rise and fall, making way for the next generation of kings and generals to fight for supremacy. Eventually, seven powerful states emerged from the endless cycle of warfare.In the kingdom of Qin, Xin, a war-orphaned slave, trains vigorously with fellow slave and best friend, Piao, who shares his proud dream of one day becoming a Great General of the Heavens. However, the two are suddenly forced to part ways when Piao is recruited to work in the royal palace by a retainer of the King.After a fierce coup d'état unfolds, Piao returns to Xin, half dead, with a mission that will lead him to a meeting with China's young King, Ying Zheng, who bears a striking resemblance to Piao. Kingdom follows Xin as he takes his first steps into the great blood-soaked pages of China's history. He must carve his own path to glory on his long quest to become a Great General of the historic Seven Warring States.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the blink of an eye, thirty thousand bewildered Japanese gamers are whisked from their everyday lives into the world of the popular MMORPG, Elder Tale, after the game's latest update—unable to log out. Among them is the socially awkward college student Shiroe, whose confusion and shock lasts only a moment as, a veteran of the game, he immediately sets out to explore the limits of his new reality.Shiroe must learn to live in this new world, leading others and negotiating with the NPC "natives" in order to bring stability to the virtual city of Akihabara. He is joined by his unfortunate friend Naotsugu, having logged in for the first time in years only to find himself trapped, and Akatsuki, a petite but fierce assassin who labels Shiroe as her master. A tale of fantasy, adventure, and politics, Log Horizon explores the elements of gaming through the eyes of a master strategist who attempts to make the best of a puzzling situation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This OVA takes place ten years in the future and chronicles the possible events if Conan Edogawa and Ai Haibara do not take the antidote to APTX 4869 and grow up alongside their friends Genta, Mitsuhiko, and Ayumi, while still maintaining their detective endeavors.Underneath the bright city lights lies a bloodied arena bursting with frantic screams and roars. Strong men engage in boxing matches for money, while their audience desperately hopes that their chosen participants will bring them fortune. For the young rising star Mignon, there is only one place that is an escape from the chaos of the ring and his tough life. Mysterious underground doctor Oh Young-One offers his services to injured fighters, and the wide-eyed Mignon finds solace in his quiet infirmary.Young-One is gentle and caring, always tending to Mignon's wounds that mainly come from the cruel world beyond the boxing ring. However, the doctor hides a taboo secret about himself. In a rare moment of carelessness, he exposes it to Mignon, putting his life in immediate danger. Even though Young-One warns Mignon to keep his distance in order to protect him, Mignon remains stubborn and refuses to abandon the one person who makes him feel as though he truly matters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The final hour of the popular virtual reality game Yggdrasil has come. However, Momonga, a powerful wizard and master of the dark guild Ainz Ooal Gown, decides to spend his last few moments in the game as the servers begin to shut down. To his surprise, despite the clock having struck midnight, Momonga is still fully conscious as his character and, moreover, the non-player characters appear to have developed personalities of their own!Confronted with this abnormal situation, Momonga commands his loyal servants to help him investigate and take control of this new world, with the hopes of figuring out what has caused this development and if there may be others in the same predicament.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eighteen-year-old Tsukasa Mizugaki has failed his college entrance exams, but after pulling some strings, he manages to land a job at the Sion Artificial Intelligence Corporation. SAI Corp is responsible for the creation of "Giftias"—highly advanced androids which are almost indiscernible from normal humans. However, unlike humans, Giftias have a maximum lifespan of 81,920 hours, or around nine years and four months. Terminal Service One, the station Tsukasa was assigned to, is responsible for collecting Giftias that have met their expiration date, before they lose their memories and become hostile.Promptly after joining Terminal Service One, Tsukasa is partnered with a beautiful Giftia named Isla. She is a Terminal Service veteran and considered the best in Giftia retrievals, contrary to her petite figure and placid nature. Time is fleeting though, and Tsukasa must come to terms with his feelings for Isla before her time is up. No matter how much someone desires it, nothing lasts forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirty years ago, a new race of flame-wielding mutants suddenly appeared, destroying a large portion of humanity. These so-called “Burnish” have continued to appear at random, leaving a trail of death and destruction in their wake.The autonomous republic of Promepolis is a thriving nation thanks to the incredible efforts of their leader, Kray Foresight, against the Burnish. A team of firefighters known as the Burning Rescue is tasked with stopping these horrifying monsters, using the most performant technology available thanks to their incredible mechanic Lucia Fex. Galo Thymos is an energetic young man, who considers Foresight his hero for saving his life and is the rescue team's most recent recruit. A terrorist group calling themselves Mad Burnish has been causing havoc all over the nation. After an encounter with Mad Burnish leader Lio Fotia, Galo sets out on his fated journey to find the truth about these mutants, ultimately leading him to question everything he previously held to be true.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lupin is the main character in this series which takes place in Italy and San Marino.Reflecting its setting, the anime debuted in Italy before it aired in Japan. Lupin III fans will note that the titular thief now dons a blue coat, following his earlier appearances in green (first series and some OVAs), red (the second series as well as most films and television specials) and pink (third series).(Source: Crunchyroll)After a mysterious spaceship crashes into Earth, humanity realizes that they are not alone. Fearing a potential threat from space, the world pushes aside their nationalism, conflicting interests, and cultural differences, unifying under the banner of the United Nations. The newly formed UN forces decide to repurpose the alien spacecraft, naming it SDF-1 Macross. Unfortunately, on the day of its maiden voyage, a fleet of spaceships belonging to a race of aliens known as the Zentradi descend upon Earth, and the SDF-1 Macross, acting of its own accord, shoots down the incoming squadron, sparking an intergalactic war.In an attempt to escape, the Macross tries to launch itself into the Moon's orbit, but the ship—as well as the city it was in—is teleported to the far reaches of space. Caught up in this mess are Hikaru Ichijou, a free-spirited acrobatic pilot, and Minmay Lynn, an aspiring singer. These two, alongside Macross' crew, experience an epic journey rife with grief and drama, coming face-to-face with the cruelties of war along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With his muscular build and tall stature, Takeo Gouda is no ordinary high school freshman. However, behind Takeo's intimidating appearance lies a pure heart of gold, and he is considered a hero by his male peers for his courage and chivalry. Unfortunately for Takeo, his appearance does not bode well for his love life. As if his looks were not already enough to scare the opposite sex away, Takeo's cool, handsome best friend and constant companion Makoto Sunakawa easily, and unintentionally, steals the hearts of the female students—including every girl Takeo has ever liked.One day, when Takeo saves cute Rinko Yamato from being molested, he falls in love with her instantly. Unfortunately, he suspects that she might be interested in Sunakawa. Despite his romantic feelings for Yamato continuing to bloom, Takeo decides to act as her cupid, even as he yearns for his own love story.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Now that Akari Mizunashi is a Prima Undine and head of the Aria Company with her own apprentice, Ai Aino, she cannot help but reminisce about her time as a Single. She has new responsibilities and much less time on her hands, but these changes bring with them new forms of miracles that Neo Venezia can give. Growing up into new roles is hard, but Akari can always count on the friends she has made on Aqua in times of need.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Sailor Guardians and their leader, Sailor Moon, continue their duty of protecting Earth from any who would dare cause it harm. However, Sailor Mars' apocalyptic visions and the appearance of two new guardians—Sailor Neptune and Sailor Uranus—signal that a new battle will soon begin.These newcomers seek three Talismans that are inside the Pure Heart Crystals within human beings. Once brought together, these objects form The Holy Grail, a magical relic with extraordinary abilities. They want to use the Grail to save the world, but an evil organization known as the Death Busters seeks its power for their own desires.The removal of a Talisman from a person's Heart Crystal will cause their death, something that Uranus and Neptune see as a necessary sacrifice to form the Grail, while Sailor Moon and her group deem it unforgivable. But can any sacrifice be worth the cost if it saves the lives of the entire human race?[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the day of the Tanabata festival, Shidou Itsuka happens to meet the eerie Kurumi Tokisaki, who proceeds to ask him out on a date. Although nervous, Shidou accepts the offer. The two spend their time visiting to a planetarium, buying food at the festival, and trying out a mock wedding ceremony. Meanwhile, Shirou's friends—Tooka Yatogami, Yoshino, and Kotori Itsuka—are looking for him, while also enjoying the festival themselves.As Shidou spends the day with Kurumi, he begins to notice an unexpected softer side of her. He knows that Kurumi is infamously called the "Worst Spirit," but the girl standing before him is a gentle soul. However, as the day draws to a close, Shirou finally begins to understand the truth behind it all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Within the domed city of Romdo lies one of the last human civilizations on Earth. Thousands of years ago, a global ecological catastrophe doomed the planet; now, life outside these domes is virtually impossible. To expedite mankind's recovery, "AutoReivs," humanoid-like robots, have been created to assist people in their day-to-day lives. However, AutoReivs have begun contracting an enigmatic disease called the "Cogito Virus," which grants them self-awareness. Re-l Mayer, the  granddaughter of Romdo's ruler, is assigned to investigate this phenomenon alongside her AutoReiv partner, Iggy. But what begins as a routine investigation quickly spirals into a conspiracy as Re-l is confronted by humanity's darkest sins.Elsewhere in Romdo, an AutoReiv specialist by the name of Vincent Law must also face his demons when surreal events begin occurring around him. Re-l, Iggy, Vincent, and the child AutoReiv named Pino will form an unlikely faction as they struggle to uncover Romdo's mysteries and discover the true purpose of the mythical beings called "Proxies."[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years after saving the world from a cataclysmic event, the members of the activist organization Avalanche have gone their separate ways. Tifa Lockhart opens a new bar, and her childhood friend Cloud Strife starts up a motorcycle-based courier service. Although most of their former allies have fallen out of touch, Cloud and Tifa live in fragile peace with their two young wards Marlene and Denzel.Their life together begins to crumble as a contagious plague and overwhelming grief pull Cloud away from his newfound family. While distancing himself through his work, Cloud is attacked by three silver-haired figures in black uniforms who bear a passing resemblance to his bitter rival, Sephiroth. As the antagonistic trio stalks Cloud and brings harm to his loved ones, the former mercenary struggles against his own demons while fighting to protect his family and prevent the will of Sephiroth from returning to the planet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After losing both parents in a fatal plane crash, teenager Ryuuichi Kashima must adjust to his new life as the guardian of his younger brother Kotarou. Although Ryuuichi is able to maintain a friendly and kindhearted demeanor, Kotarou is a reserved toddler still too young to understand the reality of the situation. At their parents' funeral, they are approached by Youko Morinomiya, the stern chairman of an elite academy, who decides to take them under her care.However, there is one condition Ryuuichi must fulfill in exchange for a roof over their heads and enrolment in the school—he must become the school's babysitter. In an effort to support the female teachers at the academy, a babysitter's club was established to look after their infant children; unfortunately, the club is severely short-staffed, so now not only is Ryuuichi responsible for his little brother, but also a handful of toddlers who possess dynamic personalities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ohana Matsumae is an energetic and wild teenager residing in Tokyo with her carefree single mother. Abruptly, her mother decides to run away with her new boyfriend from debt collectors, forcing the young girl to fend for herself—as per her mother's "rely only on yourself" philosophy—in rural Japan, where her cold grandmother runs a small inn. Driven to adapt to the tranquil lifestyle of the countryside, Ohana experiences and deals with the challenges of working as a maid, as well as meeting and making friends with enthralling people at her new school and the inn.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of episodes 14-25. Situated near the local zoo and owned by the charismatic polar bear Shirokuma, Shirokuma Cafe is a popular spot for animals and humans alike, allowing them to sit back and relax after a hard day of work. Whether it's a cold beverage or the latest item on his menu, Shirokuma finds joy in being able to serve his customers, often striking up conversations about various subjects.Together with the sarcastic Penguin and the clumsy Panda, they form an odd trio who get themselves caught up in all sorts of misadventures with their other friends such as Grizzly, a bar owner, and Sasako, a human who works at the cafe. From dealing with unrequited love, outdoor camping trips, karaoke sessions, and even the secret to brewing delicious coffee, there's always something bound to be happening in Shirokuma Cafe![Written by MAL Rewrite]An OVA of SKET Dance bundled with the 29th volume of the manga, covering chapters 198, 199, and 200.This is a conclusion of some of the events shown in the last episode of the anime series.Scorned by others of his kind for being born under a blue moon, the vampire Vanitas grew afraid and desolate. According to legend, he created a cursed grimoire known as the "Book of Vanitas," and it is said he would one day use it to bring retribution upon all vampires of the crimson moon.In 19th century Paris, Noé Archiviste is searching for the fabled Book of Vanitas. Whilst traveling aboard an airship, he is saved from a vampire attack by an eccentric doctor who calls himself Vanitas and carries the very tome he seeks. Ironically, the self-proclaimed vampire specialist is a mere human who inherited both his name and the book from his master, the same Vanitas of legend. As the odd case of the Charlatan's Parade crops up, the doctor's ability to restore sanity to vampires by recovering their true name will prove most beneficial.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Reeling from his crushing defeat at the Grand Prix Finale, Yuuri Katsuki, once Japan's most promising figure skater, returns to his family home to assess his options for the future. At age 23, Yuuri's window for success in skating is closing rapidly, and his love of pork cutlets and aptitude for gaining weight are not helping either.However, Yuuri finds himself in the spotlight when a video of him performing a routine previously executed by five-time world champion, Victor Nikiforov, suddenly goes viral. In fact, Victor himself abruptly appears at Yuuri's house and offers to be his mentor. As one of his biggest fans, Yuuri eagerly accepts, kicking off his journey to make it back onto the world stage. But the competition is fierce, as the rising star from Russia, Yuri Plisetsky, is relentlessly determined to defeat Yuuri and win back Victor's tutelage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2005, a race of alien monsters called Zonders emerge from underground and launch a series of attacks on the city of Tokyo. The only defense against these creatures is the secret agency known as the Gutsy Geoid Guard (or 3G) and their ultimate weapon, the awesome giant robot GaoGaiGar. GaoGaiGar's pilot, Guy Shishio, is a former astronaut who was nearly killed two years before when the Zonders first crashed to earth. Guy's life was spared when a mysterious robot lion called Galeon pulled him from the burning shuttle and brought him to Earth. Guy's father, Leo, then used Galeon's technology to rebuild his shattered son as a cyborg, in the hopes that he could stop the aliens when they appear. Now, with Galeon as its core, GaoGaiGar fights to protect Earth. He is aided by a team of transforming robots and by a young boy named Mamoru, who has the power to purify the Zonders' cores, and seems to be connected to the mysterious Galeon. (Source: ANN)The Yuzuki family, which consists of four brothers, lost their parents two years ago. Hayato, the eldest son, is a hard worker and the pillar of the family. Mikoto, the second son, is calm and collected, but he has a soft spot for his younger brother Minato, whom he adores and thinks is cute. Minato, the third son, is energetic and adores his brothers, but he is clumsy and awkward. Gakuto, the fourth son, is a studious and mature first-grader who is often referred to as a "wise man." The manga depicts the four brothers' daily lives as they navigate their family, school, and community.(Source: MAL News)Yoshino Takigawa, an ordinary teenager, is secretly dating his best friend Mahiro Fuwa's younger sister, Aika. But when Aika mysteriously dies, Mahiro disappears, vowing to find the one responsible and make them pay for murdering his beloved sister. Yoshino continues his life as usual and has not heard from Mahiro in a month—until he is confronted by a strange girl who holds him at gunpoint, and his best friend arrives in the nick of time to save him.Yoshino learns that Mahiro has enlisted the help of a witch named Hakaze Kusaribe to find Aika's killer. However, the witch has been banished to a deserted island due to infighting within her clan. Hakaze's brother, Samon, selfishly desires to make use of the Tree of Exodus' power, in spite of both his sister's opposition and the impending peril to the world. With Hakaze out of the picture, it is now up to Yoshino and Mahiro to help her save the world, all while inching ever closer to the truth behind Aika's death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]More crazy antics abound as Nozomu Itoshiki (a.k.a Zetsubou-sensei), who is the worlds most negative person, tries to teach class 2-F about how life is filled with despair and darkness. A harder task than it first may seem, with his students being far from ordinary themselves, including the likes of the most positive girl he has ever met, his very own stalker, a foreign exchange student with split personalities and a perfectionist acting class president, due to the fact the real class president can't be seen by anyone, among others. (Source: ANN)When a meteor shower causes a mysterious star-shaped alien to land in Lala Hagoromo and Hikaru Hoshina's home, the girls find themselves having to take care of the mischievous creature whom they name "Yuma." Although their relationship gets off to a rocky start, Lala and Yuma eventually connect through their similar passions for music and exploration. However, when strange alien hunters targeting Yuma arrive on Earth, the girls learn that there is more to Yuma than what meets the eye. In protecting Yuma, the Star☆Twinkle Precure find themselves entangled in an astronomical battle where the fate of the galaxy is at stake! Will Yuma feel the Precure's emotions through their melody, and can they make the necessary sacrifices to defend everything they love?[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is said that fireworks can calm the souls of the dead. For Tomoya Sugisaki, Aoi Harukawa, and Ryou Kobayashi, fireworks are what allowed them to meet the Summer Ghost. Believed to be the spirit of a young woman who committed suicide, the Summer Ghost only appears in a specific area and can only be seen by those who are within arm's reach of death. Tomoya is a creative soul being crushed by his academic obligation to get into a good university. Aoi is a meek girl who is relentlessly bullied by her classmates. Ryou is a former basketball star who had to forfeit his passion following a grim diagnosis. The only thing these three have in common is their ability to see the Summer Ghost. The Summer Ghost is said to be able to answer any and all questions pertaining to death—something the three teenagers desperately want to know more about.Dissatisfied with their initial meeting, Tomoya sets out to find the Summer Ghost once again. But the more time he spends with the ghost, the more the mystery surrounding her existence unravels.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Freshman tennis prodigy Ryouma Echizen and the Seishun Academy Boys' Tennis Team have finally reached the National Tournament, eager to fight for the championship title and claim it as their own.Seishun's first match is against Higa Middle School, the Okinawa-based team labeled as the "dark horse" of the tournament. After watching Higa defeat their first round of opponents using dirty tactics, the Seishun team is determined to show them the value of a fair, hard-earned victory.Awaiting the winners of the matchup in the quarterfinals is one of Seishun's old rivals: Hyoutei Academy, who are determined to restore their pride after the events at the Kanto Regionals. Hyoutei seeks to prove to everyone that they deserve to be at the Nationals despite only qualifying through a special invitation.Tennis no Oujisama: Zenkoku Taikai-hen covers the beginning of the long-awaited National Tournament as Ryouma and the Seishun team meet foes of past and present, each with their own unique ideals on how tennis should be played![Written by MAL Rewrite]The anime will stream online and focus on T.M. Opera O, Admire Vega, Narita Top Road, and other Uma Musume aiming to win the Classic competitions.(Source: MAL News)In 19th-century France, the wife of vampire noble Jean Duchet Godard is murdered in her own home. With the local human authorities unwilling to properly investigate the case, Godard hires a pair of private detectives known to specialize in the supernatural: Tsugaru Shinuchi, a man with a mysterious birdcage; and his partner, Aya Rindou. This enigmatic duo has come from faraway Japan for one purpose—to track down the man who stole both Aya's body and Tsugaru's humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuation of Ushio to Tora TV series.Yuu Koito has always been entranced with romantic shoujo manga and the lyrics of love songs. She patiently waits for the wings of love to sprout and send her heart aflutter on the day that she finally receives a confession. Yet, when her classmate from junior high declares his love for her during their graduation, she feels unexpectedly hollow. The realization hits her: she understands romance as a concept, but she is incapable of experiencing the feeling first-hand.Now, having enrolled in high school, Yuu, disconcerted and dispirited, is still ruminating over how to respond to her suitor. There, she happens upon the seemingly flawless student council president, Touko Nanami, maturely rejecting a confession of her own. Stirred by Touko's elegant manner, Yuu approaches her for advice, only to be bewildered when the president confesses to her! Yuu quickly finds herself in the palm of Touko's hand, and unknowingly sets herself on a path to find the emotion which has long eluded her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While spending the summer at his aunt's house, the young but sickly Shou makes an amazing discovery: after following the house cat into the bushes, he gets a glimpse of a miniature girl about the size of his finger! Calling her kind "Borrowers," as they survive on tiny bits of human possessions, the girl introduces herself as Arrietty. As he discovers that she lives in the house basement with her parents, Pod and Homily, Shou becomes imaginably excited at the idea of such unique neighbors.However, he fails to understand the adversities they face on a daily basis. In addition to keeping their existence hidden, they must also embark on perilous adventures into human territory, from the house to the outdoors, in order to make a living. Despite her parents' warnings, Arrietty befriends Shou, stirring up unexpected events that may change their lives forever.Delighting the eye and conquering the heart, the breath-taking story of a friendship transcending the tensions between two different human kinds begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following a catastrophic war against a race of giants known as the Zentradi, humanity has escaped towards the center of the galaxy aboard a fleet of colonial vessels called the Macross Frontier. As the extraterrestrial threat is left further and further behind, life on Macross Frontier proceeds as usual.In the year 2059, a young mecha pilot trainee named Alto Saotome and his colleagues are preparing to perform an accompanying routine for the famous singer Sheryl Nome, who has come to Macross Frontier for a concert. During the performance, a biomechanical alien species known as the Vajra make a sudden appearance, breaking through the defensive perimeter surrounding the vessel and crash-landing near the concert venue, plunging the entire city into chaos. As the concertgoers evacuate, a young girl named Ranka Lee is left behind and gets targeted by the Vajra, but she is saved at the last minute by Alto. Following these events, the Strategic Military Services program notes Alto's skill in battle, resulting in his recruitment to combat the new alien threat.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nanoha Takamachi, an ordinary third-grader, loves her family and friends more than anything else. One day, after having a strange dream in which a ferret gets injured, she sees the very same ferret in real life and rescues it. That ferret turns out to be Yuuno Scrya, a mage from another world who is trying to capture the 21 scattered Jewel Seeds before they cause serious damage to the universe. Yuuno is not powerful enough to capture the Jewel seeds on his own, so he grants Nanoha the intelligent device "Raising Heart" and begins training her as a mage.  Unfortunately, the powerful Jewel Seeds attract those with ill intentions. Another mage, Fate Testarossa, is desperate to collect the seeds for some unknown and sinister purpose, though the solemn look in her eyes makes Nanoha think that there is more to Fate than meets the eye. Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha: The Movie 1st is a retelling of the original series, which tells the story of two young mages and how their strong emotions shape their actions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Justy Ueki Tylor is an average 20-year-old man: lazy, greedy, and a passionate womanizer. He plans to land an easy job with the United Planets Space Force that pays decently and is also far away from the rigorous combat raging throughout the galaxy.However, Tylor's dreams of living a simple life are brought to a sudden halt when he stumbles into a dangerous hostage situation. Through one strange mishap after another, Tylor miraculously manages to save the hostages and is awarded command of the decrepit space-cruiser Soyokaze!Now Tylor finds himself in charge of sending mad mercenaries, proud pilots, skeptical colleagues, and harsh commanders through the infinite expanse of the universe, all the while avoiding the looming threat of the Holy Raalgon Empire. What misadventures await the irresponsible Captain Tylor?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaoru Touno's family is falling apart. After the death of a sibling and his parents' divorce, he no longer feels any peace at home. Following a heated confrontation with his father, Kaoru runs out of his house and finds himself before a mysterious tunnel, which pulls him in. Bewildered by what he sees inside, he rushes to the exit, picking up a bird that looks identical to his deceased pet on his way out.Upon emerging outside, Kaoru realizes that, despite him spending just a few minutes inside the tunnel, an entire week has passed. The bizarre experience leads him to remember the rumors of "Urashima Tunnel"—a passage that grants wishes in exchange for one's lifespan. Given the resurrection of his pet bird, Kaoru cannot help but wonder if another visit can help fix his messed up life.However, when he returns to the entrance of the mysterious tunnel, Kaoru realizes that he has been followed by Anzu Hanashiro, a new transfer student in his class. She also knows about the rumors and asks him to help her with an experiment—it turns out that she, too, has a wish that only the tunnel can grant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takashi Kamiyama is your typical mild-mannered high school student—polite, aloof, and pacifistic, with a slightly above-average IQ. But would your average high school student really enroll himself at the infamous Cromartie High School, known as a breeding ground for the toughest delinquents out there?Apparently so, as that is exactly what Takashi does, though for reasons he'd rather leave unmentioned. However, one thing is for sure: the "hard-boiled rabbit in a den full of hungry lions" is never going to have another dull day. And how could he, now that he's surrounded by mohawked punks, obnoxious robots, and... gorillas? And was that Freddie Mercury riding a horse down the corridor? Follow Takashi as he earnestly dedicates his new high school life to better his school's reputation while his classmates are hellbent on wreaking havoc.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Just the words "I love you," and everything changes—such is the nature of the bittersweet trials of high school romance. Tenma Tsukamoto, a second year, is on a quest to confess her feelings to the boy she likes. Kenji Harima, a delinquent with a sizable reputation, is in a similar situation, as he cannot properly convey his feelings to the one he loves. Between school, friends, rivalries, and hobbies, these two will find that high school romance is no walk in the park, especially as misunderstandings further complicate their plight.School Rumble is a high-octane romantic comedy full of relatable situations, as Tenma and Kenji both try to win the hearts of those they desire.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fleeing a traumatic childhood, lone mercenary Guts drifts from battle to battle, striking down powerful enemies with his unwieldy sword. After one skirmish, Guts clashes with the mystifying Griffith and his small army known as the Band of the Hawk. The victorious Griffith drafts Guts into his ranks, granting the swordsman a kinship unlike anything he has ever known.Alongside the skilled warrior Casca, Guts helps Griffith guide the band to fame and glory. But as he gains military prestige, Griffith becomes the target of assassination attempts and political schemes. He uses Guts to further his ambitious rise to power, taking advantage of the swordsman's lack of aspiration.Even as he grows closer to Casca, Guts' absence of direction robs him of any sense of belonging. Fostering opposing desires, Guts and Casca fight for Griffith's dream—although fractures forming among the trio threaten to disrupt their world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the Battle of Sekigahara in 1600, Toyohisa Shimazu is the rearguard for his retreating troops, and is critically wounded when he suddenly finds himself in a modern, gleaming white hallway. Faced with only a stoic man named Murasaki and hundreds of doors on both sides, Toyohisa is pulled into the nearest door and into a world completely unlike his own.The strange land is populated by all manner of fantastical creatures, as well as warriors from different eras of Toyohisa's world who were thought to be dead. Quickly befriending the infamous warlord Nobunaga Oda and the ancient archer Yoichi Suketaka Nasu, Toyohisa learns of the political unrest tearing through the continent. Furthermore, they have been summoned as "Drifters" to fight against the "Ends," people who are responsible for the creation of the Orte Empire and are trying to annihilate the Drifters. As the Ends grow more powerful, so does the Empire's persecution of elves and other demihumans. It is up to Toyohisa and his group of unconventional heroes to battle in a brand-new world war to help the Empire's subjects, while challenging the Ends protecting the land to claim it for themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Still in pursuit of her ambitious goal, ingenious arms dealer Koko Hekmatyar, inexpressive child soldier Jonathan “Jonah” Mar, and the rest of their squad continue their mercenary activities. From professional assassins to private militaries, the group's work constantly puts them in the face of danger. But internal conflicts soon arise after Renato "R" Socci, one of Koko's bodyguards, is revealed to be an undercover agent for "Operation Undershaft"—a plan devised by the CIA to infiltrate HCLI and exploit Koko as a tool. Shocked by his betrayal, Koko's leadership is needed now more than ever to rally her squad and rebuild their foundation of trust before they are torn apart.Jormungand: Perfect Order follows Koko and the rest of her crew as they take on persistent adversaries, overcome internal struggles, and make Koko's vision of world peace a reality—where everything is in perfect order.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After successfully passing his Provisional Hero License exam, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya seeks out an extracurricular internship with a professional hero agency. At the recommendation of his mentor All Might, Midoriya lands a position under All Might's former sidekick, Sir Nighteye, now a famous hero in his own right.As Midoriya's classmates further their own abilities through various internships, up-and-coming villain Kai Chisaki utilizes his terrifying powers to gather favor in the criminal underworld. Known by the moniker Overhaul, Chisaki's ambitions collide with the League of Villains and its leader, Tomura Shigaraki.Through his work with Sir Nighteye, Midoriya discovers Chisaki's crime syndicate and the villain's hostile relationship with a mysterious young girl named Eri. Fearing for the child's safety, Midoriya and his upperclassman Mirio Toogata must work together to put an end to Chisaki's reign of terror.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Holy Britannian Empire is a powerful nation that uses its military strength to expand its rule, and the small island nation of Japan is yet another victim. During a worldwide conflict in 2010 known as the Second Pacific War, the once-proud country was reduced to rubble and mockingly renamed to Area 11. However, one student plans to free Japan from Britannia's control through an extraordinary rebellion. His name is Lelouch Lamperouge, and he is fueled with hatred for the Empire, plotting to wipe its accursed name off the face of the planet. Lelouch's malicious plans are unexpectedly accelerated upon meeting the mysterious woman C.C., who grants him a supernatural ability known as Geass that makes anyone Lelouch commands unable to defy his will. Now armed with a devastating power, Lelouch assumes the persona of Zero, a revolutionary figure who carries the hopes and dreams of the oppressed around the world. He vows to restore the glorious nation of Japan and deliver divine retribution to Britannia.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two men have just arrived at a location known as Quindecim and are unable to remember how they got there. They are immediately greeted by a young woman who escorts them to a small bar, where a bartender awaits them. They are told that they will have to participate in a game, randomly chosen by roulette, and will be unable to leave until its completion; if they refuse, the consequences will be dire. In addition to the rules of the game, the two men are told to play as if their lives are at stake.The game that has been chosen is billiards. But there's more to it than just pocketing pool balls, as the two are about to find out the outcome could mean life or death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On Christmas Eve, Hiro Hirono runs into Miyako Miyamura, a frivolous girl who "borrows" his bicycle in order to chase down a purse thief. After Hiro finds his bicycle wrecked and Miyako unconscious, the two unexpectedly spend their Christmas Eve together, and when they discover they go to the same high school, their accidental relationship develops even further. This sparks the jealousy of Hiro's childhood friend Kei Shindou, whose pure approach to life catches the eye of Kyosuke Tsutsumi, a womanizing photographer searching for the perfect shot.Elsewhere, Renji Asou, a boy who dreams of being a girl's knight in shining armor, has a chance encounter with Kei's twin sister—the overly shy Chihiro Shindou, who spends her time reading alone—at an abandoned train station. The two quickly become friends and eventually decide to write a novel together. However, when Renji discovers Chihiro's secret, a disability that causes her to have an eternally ephemeral memory, his childish ideals will be put to the test.Guided by two mysterious adults, these youths' relationships intertwine in a heart-rending tale of love, rejection, acceptance, and memories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode included with volume 7 of the Blu-ray/DVD.Ever since she was young, Haruka Haruno has always aspired to become a princess. Despite being mocked for this seemingly childish wish, Haruka perseveres to make her dream a reality, ultimately culminating in her acceptance into the prestigious Noble Academy—the birthplace of people's fantasies.When Haruka arrives at her new school, a chance encounter with a pair of magical creatures influences a series of unbelievable events, and Haruka awakens as "Cure Flora," the princess of blooming flowers. After two of Haruka's classmates also transform into legendary princesses, a story of self-discovery unfolds as the newfound team "Princess Precure" carries the responsibility of protecting everyone's dreams. Engaged in a battle between hope and despair, Haruka may find the key toward becoming the princess she has always dreamed to be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In early 1900s Hokkaido after the Russo-Japanese war, Saichi Sugimoto tirelessly pans for gold. Nicknamed "Sugimoto the Immortal" for his death-defying acts in battle, the ex-soldier seeks fortune in order to fulfill a promise made to his best friend before he was killed in action: to support his family, especially his widow who needs treatment overseas for her deteriorating eyesight. One day, a drunken companion tells Sugimoto the tale of a man who murdered a group of Ainu and stole a fortune in gold. Before his arrest by the police, he hid the gold somewhere in Hokkaido. The only clue to its location is the coded map he tattooed on the bodies of his cellmates in exchange for a share of the treasure, should they manage to escape and find it.Sugimoto does not think much of the tale until he discovers the drunken man's corpse bearing the same tattoos described in the story. But before he can collect his thoughts, a grizzly bear—the cause of the man's demise—approaches Sugimoto, intent on finishing her meal. He is saved by a young Ainu girl named Asirpa, whose father happened to be one of the murdered Ainu. With Asirpa's hunting skills and Sugimoto's survival instincts, the pair agree to join forces and find the hidden treasure—one to get back what was rightfully her people's, and the other to fulfill his friend's dying wish.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Keiichi Maebara has just moved to the quiet little village of Hinamizawa in the summer of 1983, and quickly becomes inseparable friends with schoolmates Rena Ryuuguu, Mion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjou, and Rika Furude. However, darkness lurks underneath the seemingly idyllic life they lead. As the village prepares for its annual festival, Keiichi learns about the local legends surrounding it. To his horror, he discovers that there have been several murders and disappearances in the village in the recent years, and that they all seem to be connected to the festival and the village's patron god, Oyashiro. Keiichi tries to ask his new friends about these incidents, but they are suspiciously silent and refuse to give him the answers he needs. As more and more bizarre events occur, he wonders just what else his friends might be keeping from him, and if he can even trust them at all.When madness and paranoia begin taking root in Keiichi's heart, he will stumble straight into the mysteries at work in Higurashi no Naku Koro ni, a story that is told across multiple arcs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Just as in this life, the afterlife needs a calm troubleshooter to deal with the bureaucratic headaches that come from keeping things in order. Enter Hozuki: a cool and collected demon who’s badly in need of a vacation.(Source: HIDIVE)Remi is a boy living happily with his mother in the French countryside. But everything changes when his estranged father comes home and, in desperate need of money, reveals that Remi is adopted, and sells him. Heartbroken, Remi ends up with Vitalis, a traveling musician, and his troupe of animal entertainers. Together, they travel the country in search for Remi's real parents, along the way learning the harsh lessons of life. A deeply moving story about friendship, loss and the pursuit of happiness. (Source: AniDB)Ai Enma and her companions continue to offer their service of revenge against those who have wronged others, and the price is as steep as ever—for damning the offender to hell, the person exacting vengeance is sent to the abyss as well. As they cast soul after soul into the darkness, a new sinister force is watching them: a little girl named Kikuri.While Ai continues her duties, she meets a boy named Takuma Kurebayashi, known as the "Devil's Child" because of the horrific events that occur around him. Unfortunately, Takuma's reputation leads the townspeople to use him as a scapegoat for those who have been ferried off to hell. When things quickly spiral out of control, Ai must find a way to bring an end to this senseless violence, as it poses a threat to her very existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 1868; English nobleman George Joestar and his son Jonathan become indebted to Dario Brando after being rescued from a carriage incident. What the Joestars don't realize, however, is that Dario had no intention of helping them; he believed they were dead and was trying to ransack their belongings. After Dario's death 12 years later, George—hoping to repay his debt—adopts his son, Dio. While he publicly fawns over his new father, Dio secretly plans to steal the Joestar fortune. His first step is to create a divide between George and Jonathan. By constantly outdoing his foster brother, Dio firmly makes his place in the Joestar family. But when Dio pushes Jonathan too far, Jonathan defeats him in a brawl. Years later, the two appear to be close friends to the outside world. But trouble brews again when George falls ill, as Jonathan suspects that Dio is somehow behind the incident—and it appears he has more tricks up his sleeve.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ilse no Techou: Aru Chousa Heidanin no ShukiDuring the Survey Corps' 49th recon mission, Hange Zoë is determined to capture a titan specimen. Despite not receiving clearance from Commander Erwin Smith, when a titan is spotted in nearby forestland, Hange rides out alone to meet it. Recklessly luring it out, she asks the titan numerous questions and puts her life on the line for the sake of her research. However, the behavior of this particular titan is far from normal. It quickly turns back and enters the wood once again, leading Hange to somewhere specific. What Hange finds is the legacy of former scout Ilse Langnar. In spite of her death, she provides a valuable piece of information that may serve to turn the tide for titan research—a diary documenting her last moments.Totsuzen no Raihousha: Sainamareru Seishun no NoroiJean Kirstein would do anything to escape his boring home life and overbearing mother. After enlisting in the military, it became his ultimate goal to join the Military Police regiment and live out in peace and luxury. However, during his time with the 104th Training Corps, things never really go the way Jean wants them to. Eventually, the stolen glory and condescending banter of his comrades become too much—and Jean challenges fellow cadet Sasha Blouse to a battle, in order to determine which of them is strongest—but who will come out on top?KonnanThe 104th Training Corps' most recent mission is a trek on horseback into the forest. Although a test of their ability to stay alert even in non-threatening situations, the task is boring and can lead to in-fighting. This is especially true for one of the groups, lead by Marco Bott. Some want to stay true to the mission they have been tasked with, and the rest would rather slack off, occupying themselves with more exciting activities. But when trouble strikes, they are completely unprepared.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eren Yeager and others of the 104th Training Corps have just begun to become full members of the Survey Corps. As they ready themselves to face the Titans once again, their preparations are interrupted by the invasion of Wall Rose—but all is not as it seems as more mysteries are unraveled. As the Survey Corps races to save the wall, they uncover more about the invading Titans and the dark secrets of their own members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dandy is a groovy, pompadour-wearing man who explores the stars in search of strange aliens for money, desiring to visit his favorite place: BooBies, the best diner in all the cosmos. Traversing the galaxies in his trusty ship, the Aloha Oe, Dandy is accompanied by his two equally unique friends: QT, the vacuum cleaner robot; and Meow, an alien with a cat-like appearance. Although exciting, Dandy's job is never simple, and each new day promises a completely different, thrilling adventure. Together, Dandy and his crew get dragged into perilous journeys, misadventures in romance, and out of this world scenarios—all whilst steering clear of the evil scientist, Dr. Gel of the Gogol Empire.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The National Tournament continues for Ryouma Echizen and the Seishun Academy Boys' Tennis Team as they face off against last year's semifinalist, Shitenhouji Middle School. As winners of the Kansai Regionals, Shitenhouji is one of the top contenders to win this year's tournament. What's more, each member of the Shitenhouji team has skills that are said to surpass their Seishun counterparts. Shitenhouji also has Kintarou Tooyama, another "super rookie" who rivals Ryouma in strength and technique. Seishun will have to push the limits of their abilities to stand a chance at defeating the Kansai champions in this East versus West matchup.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When humanity realized that the Earth, or Terra, had been polluted beyond fixing, the planet's governments united under a unique authoritarian system named Superior Domination (SD) and started to colonize space. Centuries later, mankind has given up its freedom in favor of the AI Grand Mother; when someone reaches the age of 14, their memories are wiped and they are automatically assigned a new role in society.Jomy Marquis Shin, a sensitive young man raised by loving parents, is saved from this grim fate by Soldier Blue, the current leader of the Mu race—a new species of human beings blessed with psychic abilities. However, in the eyes of SD, the existence of people like Jomy threatens the new paradigm of humanity. Hunted down by the hounds of the government, Jomy finds solace in the welcoming arms of the Mu, who hide aboard the spaceship Shangri-La.Now the leader of the Mu resistance years later, Jomy embarks on a journey toward Terra to escape from SD's manhunt led by Keith Anyan, an ambitious and ruthless rising star of humanity. Will Jomy and his people manage to reach the cradle of humanity before Keith destroys their last hope?[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day, an unknown RR virus appeared on earth, and the world fell into disaster. Infected animals mutate into frightening and massively attacking monsters. When humans face destruction, they build walls and build base cities as the last bastion of man. The trials experienced by mankind during this period of time are called the "Period of Nirvana." In extreme living environments, human power is also gradually advancing and evolving, and martial arts are emerging, and human power is qualitatively increasing compared to before. And the best of them is called the Warriors. Luo Feng, 18, also aspires to be one of them. Currently, she will take the college entrance exam and face a choice at a crossroads in her life, but suddenly a monster attack affects the trajectory of her life. Under the threat of powerful monsters, the inhabitants of the city are in danger, but the military is powerless. Only one soldier stood up and maintained the security of the base city. Luo Feng is infected by a warrior force, and secretly he decides to become a fighter to protect his loved ones. This is the beginning of everything, the starting point of Luo Feng's journey as a martial artist, and also the beginning of his legendary life. Luo Feng aspires to be a martial artist, but the road ahead is not smooth. The first thing he has to deal with is the influence of the outside environment that is not visible to him. Luo Feng's family's condition was alarming and life was difficult, his parents could not provide more help and could only rely on his own efforts. Ultimately, under constant hard work, Luo Feng continues to explore his own potential and is recognized by his increased abilities and self-improvement. Not only that, Luo Feng not only shouldered the burden of supporting the family, but also joined other justice fighters to face evil monsters to protect the homeland of mankind and for the better survival and development of mankind. In a desperate doomsday situation, can Luo Feng and the other soldiers drive away the monsters and successfully protect the human world?(Source: Animexin)Not all is normal in Tomobiki, even by its standards. The students have been preparing feverishly for the first day of the student fair, which is scheduled to go on the next day. However, problems arise when some begin to notice that the next day simply will not come. As the students begin to try to find the reason for the problem, their beliefs about reality and the world of dreams are challenged.(Source: ANN)Suletta Mercury leaves her planet and enters the Asticassia School of Technology at the behest of her mother. There, right and wrong are determined through duels between students, and the top-ranking duelist will receive Miorine Rembran as their fiancée—this prize being decided by Miorine's father.When Guel Jeturk, the best pilot in school and Miorine's current fiancé, demands that his betrothed move in with him, Suletta disapproves, so Guel challenges her. Although she emerges as champion, Suletta is subsequently detained on suspicion of piloting a forbidden type of mobile suit—a GUND-ARM, or "Gundam"—which results in her victory being voided.Miorine refuses to accept any more injustices and proposes another duel with even higher stakes. Now, Suletta must triumph a second time, otherwise she will be expelled and the Gundam Aerial that means so much to her will be destroyed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a rainy morning in Tokyo, Takao Akizuki, an aspiring shoemaker, decides to skip class to sketch designs in a beautiful garden. This is where he meets Yukari Yukino, a beautiful yet mysterious woman, for the very first time. Offering to make her new shoes, Takao continues to meet with Yukari throughout the rainy season, and without even realizing it, the two are able to alleviate the worries hidden in their hearts just by being with each other. However, their personal struggles have not disappeared completely, and as the end of the rainy season approaches, their relationship will be put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Machikado Mazoku.Following a series of attacks that have left teachers and students alike sapped of their magic, headmistress Liza Quillyn decides to seal off the College, rendering it impossible to enter or leave the premises. As a result, Philomela Sargant is unable to comply with her grandmother Lizbeth's order to withdraw from the school.Trapped inside the College, Chise Hatori and her classmates begin to adjust to their novel and stressful circumstances. But as time goes on, Philomela's condition only gets worse—both mentally and physically. Meanwhile, details about the tragic past of Chise's roommate, Lucy Webster, continue to resurface. As Chise grapples with worries about her friends and with her evolving self, the identity of the mysterious magic-draining culprit plaguing the College may finally come to light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"To be quiet and do as you're told, that's the cowardly choice." These are the words of Junk Dog, an underground fighter of Megalo Box, an evolution of boxing that utilizes mechanical limbs known as Gear to enhance the speed and power of its users. Despite the young man's brimming potential as a boxer, the illegal nature of his participation forces him to make a living off of throwing matches as dictated by his boss Gansaku Nanbu. However, this all changes when the Megalo Box champion Yuuri enters his shabby ring under the guise of just another challenger. Taken out in a single round, Junk Dog is left with a challenge: "If you're serious about fighting me again, then fight your way up to me and my ring."Filled with overwhelming excitement and backed by the criminal syndicate responsible for his thrown matches, Junk Dog enters Megalonia: a world-spanning tournament that will decide the strongest Megalo Boxer of them all. Having no name of his own, he takes on the moniker of "Joe" as he begins his climb from the very bottom of the ranked list of fighters. With only three months left to qualify, Joe must face off against opponents the likes of which he has never fought in order to meet the challenge of his rival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A mysterious attacker has appeared and is assaulting people whose names contain a number from the standard deck of cards in descending order. When Conan Edogawa points out that all the victims are related to the now famous detective Kogorou Mouri, suspicion immediately falls upon the recently released convict Jou Murakami, as Kogorou was the one responsible for his arrest ten years prior.With potential victims still at risk, Conan and the police are determined to catch the culprit. As the case gradually unfolds, both Conan and his friend Ran Mouri learn more about her parents' separation and the truth on what transpired a decade ago.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Monkey D. Luffy and his Straw Hat Crew have finally arrived on Gran Tesoro, a ship carrying the largest entertainment city in the world. Drawn in by the chances of hitting the jackpot, the crew immediately head to the casino. There, they quickly find themselves on a winning streak, playing with what seems to be endless luck.When offered a special gamble by Gild Tesoro—the master of the city himself—the crew agrees, choosing to believe in their captain's luck. However, when they find themselves victims of a despicable scam, the crew quickly realize that there is something darker happening beneath the city's surface.Left penniless and beaten down, the Straw Hat Crew are forced to rely on another gamble of a plan. With the help of a new friend or two, the group must work to reclaim what they've lost before time, and what remains of their luck, runs out.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ren Mihashi was the ace of his middle school's baseball team, but due to his poor pitching, they could never win. Constant losses eventually lead to his teammates bullying him and reached the point where his teammates no longer tried to win, causing Mihashi to graduate with little self-esteem. As a result, Mihashi decides to go to a high school in a different prefecture where he has no intention of playing baseball. Unfortunately, upon his arrival at Nishiura High, he is dragged into joining their new team as the starting pitcher.Although unwilling at first, Mihashi realizes that this is a place where he will be accepted for who he is; with help from the catcher Takaya Abe, he starts to have more confidence in his own abilities. Abe, seeing the potential in Mihashi, makes it a goal to help him become a pitcher worthy of being called an ace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The "Unspecialized" character Lord Grim is infamous in the 10th server of the popular online game Glory. His reputation alone is enough to draw many curious players to his newly formed Guild Happy. Other competing guilds have enough to worry about with some of their own members abandoning them for Happy. However, they are also concerned by rumors that the person behind Lord Grim is really the retired professional gamer and "Glory Textbook" Ye Qiu, whom they have little chance of opposing. Unsure of the truth, the powerhouse guilds attempt to suppress Lord Grim's growing influence, harboring differing motives for doing so. But regardless of what obstacles he faces, Lord Grim is determined to break into the cross-server of Glory—the Heavenly Domain—where characters, including himself, can reach even greater levels. There, he hopes to round out the team of rookies who will fight alongside him in the Challenger League, which would be only their first step toward the coveted Glory Championship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shuurei Kou, the daughter of a noble yet impoverished family, is a clever young lady who dreams of becoming a government official and contributing toward her country. However, her dream is out of her reach as such a position is forbidden to women. While her father works a low wage job as an archivist at the palace, Shuurei has to juggle odd jobs to make ends meet. Then, one day, an unexpected visit changes her life. Shuurei is called to assist Ryuuki Shi, the new emperor who is known for slacking on his duties and preferring the company of men. Tempted by the generous compensation, she readily accepts the chance to become the young emperor's consort for six months. Luckily, she is not alone as Seiran Shi, her trusty friend, joins her as Ryuuki's bodyguard. While tasked with transforming the new emperor into a responsible ruler, court life and politics prove troublesome as Shuurei faces the challenges of her new life.Set in a fictional country, Saiunkoku Monogatari centers on the idea of meaningful leadership, its adversities and the rewards that come alongside a prospering nation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVAs of History's Strongest Disciple Kenichi bundled with volumes 46, 47, 49, 53, 54, 55, & 56 of the manga.Keima Katsuragi, the "God of Conquest," returns to his quest of expelling runaway spirits that have possessed the hearts of women. Still stuck in his contract with the demon Elsie, he must continue to utilize the knowledge he has gained from mastering multitudes of dating simulators and chase out the phantoms that reside within by capturing the hearts of that which he hates most: three-dimensional girls.However, the God of Conquest has his work cut out for him. From exorcising karate practitioners and student teachers to the arrival of Elsie's best friend from Hell, he is up against a wide array of girls that will test his wit and may even take him by surprise. Though he would much rather stick to the world of 2D, he is trapped in lousy reality, and so Keima must trudge forward in his conquest of love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the planet Mercury, the advanced technology of cybernetic prostheses has led to the development of giant pilotable robots. However, prolonged use of these achievements in bioengineering takes a significant toll on a pilot's body. As the Merucians' mobile suits gain formidable power, fear rises among the people of Earth.On her daughter Ericht's fourth birthday, pilot Elnora Samaya tests the state-of-the-art Gundam Lfrith under the watchful eye of its creator, Cardo Nabo. Ericht visits Elnora at work despite orders not to, and chaos unfolds after she forms a strange bond with her mother's mecha.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hitohito Tadano is an ordinary boy who heads into his first day of high school with a clear plan: to avoid trouble and do his best to blend in with others. Unfortunately, he fails right away when he takes the seat beside the school's  madonna—Shouko Komi. His peers now recognize him as someone to eliminate for a chance to sit next to the most beautiful girl in class.Gorgeous and graceful with long, dark hair, Komi is universally adored and immensely popular despite her mysterious persona. However, unbeknownst to everyone, she has crippling anxiety and a communication disorder which prevents her from wholeheartedly socializing with her classmates.When left alone in the classroom, a chain of events forces Komi to interact with Tadano through writing on the blackboard, as if in a one-way conversation. Being the first person to realize she cannot communicate properly, Tadano picks up the chalk and begins to write as well. He eventually discovers that Komi's goal is to make one hundred friends during her time in high school. To this end, he decides to lend her a helping hand, thus also becoming her first-ever friend.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lupin's friend, the samurai Goemon Ishikawa, takes a job as bodyguard for a yakuza boss. But a brutal assassin kills the yakuza and Goemon is honor-bound to track him down.(Source: IMDB)After Mash Burnedead's clash with Magia Lupus, the secret about his powers is now out in the open. The short-lived celebration ends when the Bureau of Magic summons Mash before an audience of Divine Visionaries, who collectively decree Mash should reap the consequences and die. However, an evil shadow organization called Innocent Zero hijacks the inquiry to demand that Mash be kept alive.Mash proves that he is capable of dealing with Innocent Zero, but the Divine Visionaries' verdict remains unchanged. Luckily, Mash finds unexpected allies in Divine Visionary Rayne Ames and Headmaster Wahlberg Baigan, and they successfully defer his execution until Innocent Zero is defeated. Mash is now allowed to live under one condition: he must be selected as the Divine Visionary candidate by the year's end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Conan Edogawa is facing a dilemma: Ran Mouri has asked Shinichi Kudou out to the movies and he is unable to provide a convincing excuse not to go. However, when the day of the date arrives, he has more pressing problems to worry about—a great amount of plastic explosives has recently been stolen and the culprit has challenged Shinichi to find and dispose of the bombs he has scattered across the city. Now forced in a race against time, Conan must not only protect the city, but also figure out who the mastermind is and his reason for confronting Shinichi.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After spending his summer racing against some of the best racers in Gunma, Takumi Fujiwara receives a formal challenge from the leader of the Akagi Red Suns, Ryousuke Takahashi. Despite his initial reluctance to get into the hobby, Takumi cannot help but feel excited to go up against the former "White Comet of Akagi." In preparation for the battle, Ryousuke downgrades his car, putting his pride and racing career at stake. With the title of the fastest racer in all of Gunma on the line, will Takumi and his panda-colored Toyota AE86 be able to defeat Ryousuke's Mazda RX-7 FC? [Written by MAL Rewrite]When 16-year-old Nanako Misonoo enters the prestigious all-girls Seiran Academy, she believes a bright future awaits her. Instead, the unlucky girl finds herself dragged into a web of deceit, misery, and jealousy. On top of that, she is chosen as the newest inductee of the Sorority, an elite group whose members are the envy of the entire school. Having none of the grace, wealth, or talent of the other members, Nanako quickly draws the ire of her jealous classmates—especially the fierce Aya Misaki.To cope with her increasingly difficult school life, Nanako recalls her days through letters to her former teacher, Takehiko Henmi, whom she affectionately calls "onii-sama" (big brother). She also finds comfort with her four closest friends: her childhood friend Tomoko Arikura, the sociable but erratic Mariko Shinobu, the troubled musician Rei Asaka, and the athletic tomboy Kaoru Orihara.An impassioned drama about the hardships of bullying, Oniisama e... chronicles a young girl's harsh life at her new school, as she endures cruel rumours, heartless classmates, and countless social trials.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an embarrassing high school class reunion with their successful classmates, who have "proper" jobs, relationships, and even children, the Matsuno sextuplets return home to sulk about their status as NEETs. They spend the night drinking away their sorrows, eventually falling unconscious, until they awaken in a strange world of memories, centered around one of the brothers' biggest high school regret.As the sextuplets navigate this memory world, they encounter their embarrassing past selves from high school, as well as those of their friends. All the while, they try to uncover whose regret was great enough to trap them in this strange world, so that they can make their way back to reality. However, they're running out of time; this world of memories is unstable, and the sextuplets may lose their chance to make things right if they're too slow....Widely regarded as a trailblazer and top-tier professional player in the online multiplayer game Glory, Ye Xiu is dubbed the "Battle God" for his skills and contributions to the game over the years. However, when forced to retire from the team and to leave his gaming career behind, he finds work at a nearby internet café. There, when Glory launches its tenth server, he throws himself into the game once more using a new character named "Lord Grim."Ye Xiu's early achievements on the new server immediately catch the attention of many players, as well as the big guilds, leaving them to wonder about the identity of this exceptional player. However, while he possesses ten years of experience and in-depth knowledge, starting afresh with neither sponsors nor a team in a game that has changed over the years presents numerous challenges. Along with talented new comrades, Ye Xiu once again dedicates himself to traversing the path to Glory's summit![Written by MAL Rewrite]Yori Asanagi is a mature girl in many ways but is still pure when it comes to romance. That sentiment is proven when an underclassman, Himari Kino, suddenly confesses love to her after her band performance at the freshman opening ceremony.Confused and surprised, Yori asks her friends for consultation, but they tease her by saying that she is experiencing love. Yori soon makes up her mind and tries to return Himari's feelings, but in a twist of events, she realizes that what Himari loved was not her, but her music!As Yori continues to pursue her love for Himari, she promises to make Himari fall for her. However, will this passionate love bloom or remain unrequited?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Band of the Hawk and their enigmatic leader Griffith continue winning battle after battle as their prestige throughout the kingdom of Midland grows. But their latest task is one that has seen failure from everyone who has attempted it: the subjugation of the impenetrable fortress of Doldrey. But with members like Guts—the captain of the Hawks' raiders who can easily fell 100 men with his gigantic sword—such tasks prove to be trivial. However, in the aftermath of the battle, Guts decides to leave the Hawks in order to pursue his own dream and bids farewell to his companions, despite Griffith's attempts to make him stay. This single event causes Griffith to lose his composure, and leads him to make a decision that will alter his and the Hawks' fates forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Carnival Moment is a time when several narratives from Type-Moon's famous works intersect. It happens every decade in an entirely new dimension, and those who have never run into each other can meet. And what's more, all individuals involved gain the opportunity to fulfill any of their wishes! However, they will have to come a long way, as they will need to partake in contests.In Carnival Phantasm, various characters are put into situations that ridicule their own worlds. Nevertheless, they all have the same objective: to win the contests by any means necessary![Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite their distinctive personalities, Souma Shiki, Hayate Ichikura, Shun Futami, and Takayuki Mima all have one thing in common: though naturally clumsy, the four disguise their embarrassment from tiny slip-ups by maintaining a composed demeanor. However, it is actually the guys' airheaded natures that makes the girls' hearts throb. No matter what happens in their daily lives, the boys do their best not to lose their cool![Written by MAL Rewrite]Tang San is one of Tang Sect martial art clan's most prestigious disciples and peerless in the use of hidden weapons. With high expectations, the sect's elders believe his future will be bright; yet Tang chooses to forsake this life at the cost of obtaining the sect's forbidden lore—an action punishable by death. Tang, now content with his ascension of knowledge, sees no reason to keep on living and jumps from Hell's Peak, but little did he know that that would not be the end of his existence. In Douluo Continent, the strong prevail and the weak perish. Each person possesses an innate spirit, some of which can be cultivated and strengthened, bestowing its user with various benefits. Those who were born with such spirits can become Spirit Masters, a profession regarded as one of the continent's most noble.Tang, reincarnated into this strange world, knows only the life of a blacksmith's son. At the age of six, he takes part in the Spirit Master ceremony, and discovers his spirit is Blue Silver Grass—supposedly the world's most useless spirit. In contrast, however, he possesses strong spirit power. Now, aided by the memories of his previous life as well, Tang's future as a Spirit Master is in no way bleak.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Four months before Count von Lohengramm of the Galactic Empire faced Yang Wen-li of the Free Planets Alliance at the Battle of Astarte, he was still just Reinhard von Müsel. The youngest admiral in the Empire's history, Reinhard was disdained and dismissed by his peers as the brother of the Kaiser's concubine. Upon arriving at Iserlohn Fortress with his expeditionary fleet, Reinhard immediately receives an order from the ambitious and cunning Fleet Admiral Gregor von Mückenberger: to intercept an Alliance fleet in a neighboring starzone. Despite recognizing this as a veiled attempt to get him killed in combat, Reinhard nevertheless orders his tired and weary men to engage the enemy in the atmosphere of the gas giant Legnica. But unbeknownst to him, this will mark the first of his many historic encounters with the Hero of El Facil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.Nasa Yuzaki is determined to leave his name in the history books. Ranking first in the national mock exam and aiming for a distinguished high school, he is certain that he has his whole life mapped out. However, fate is a fickle mistress. On his way home one snowy evening, Nasa's eyes fall upon a peerless beauty across the street. Bewitched, Nasa tries to approach her—only to get blindsided by an oncoming truck. Thankfully, his life is spared due to the girl's swift action. Bleeding by the side of an ambulance, he watches as the girl walks away under the moonlight—reminiscent of Princess Kaguya leaving for the moon. Refusing to let this chance meeting end, he forces his crippled body to chase after her and asks her out. Surprised by his foolhardiness and pure resolve, the girl accepts his confession under a single condition: they can only be together if he marries her![Written by MAL Rewrite]In the near future, humanity has taken its first steps towards journeying into the far reaches of the galaxy. Upon doing so they discover a huge race of insectoid aliens known as "Space Monsters." These aliens seem dedicated to the eradication of mankind as they near closer and closer to discovering Earth. In response, humanity develops giant fighting robots piloted by hand-picked youth from around the world.Shortly after the discovery of the aliens, Noriko Takaya, the daughter of a famous deceased space captain, enters a training school despite her questionable talents as a pilot. There, she meets her polar opposite, the beautiful and talented Kazumi Amano, and is unexpectedly made to work together with her as they attempt to overcome the trauma of war as well as their own emotions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nozomu Itoshiki is still the bizarre teacher of the even stranger Class 2-F. He attempts to teach his students the negative aspects of the world and society, only to have each circumstance thrown at his face whenever he tries. With more students and friends than before, Zetsubo-sensei's life becomes harder and crazier than ever before.(Source: ANN)At the request of his father, tennis prodigy Ryouma Echizen has returned from America and is ready to take the Japanese tennis scene by storm. Aiming to become the best tennis player in the country, he enrolls in Seishun Academy—home to one of the best middle school tennis teams in Japan. After Ryouma catches the captain's eye, he finds himself playing for a spot on the starting lineup in the intra-school ranking matches despite only being a freshman. Due to his age, the rest of the Seishun Boys' Tennis Team are initially reluctant to accept him, but his skill and determination convinces them to let him in.Armed with their new "super rookie," Seishun sets out to claim a spot in the National Tournament, hoping to take the coveted title for themselves. In order to do so, the team must qualify by playing through the Tokyo Prefectural and Kanto Regionals. Yet, the road ahead of them is shared by a plethora of strong schools, each playing tennis in unique ways for their own reasons. Ryouma and his teammates must learn to cooperate if they want to become the champions they aspire to be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the surface, Koudo Ikusei Senior High School is a utopia. The students enjoy an unparalleled amount of freedom, and it is ranked highly in Japan. However, the reality is less than ideal. Four classes, A through D, are ranked in order of merit, and only the top classes receive favorable treatment.Kiyotaka Ayanokouji is a student of Class D, where the school dumps its worst. There he meets the unsociable Suzune Horikita, who believes she was placed in Class D by mistake and desires to climb all the way to Class A, and the seemingly amicable class idol Kikyou Kushida, whose aim is to make as many friends as possible.While class membership is permanent, class rankings are not; students in lower ranked classes can rise in rankings if they score better than those in the top ones. Additionally, in Class D, there are no bars on what methods can be used to get ahead. In this cutthroat school, can they prevail against the odds and reach the top?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A fresh high school year always means much to come, and one of those things is joining a club. Being in a dilemma about which club to join, Yui Hirasawa stumbles upon and applies for the Light Music Club, which she misinterprets to be about playing simple instruments, such as castanets. Unable to play an instrument, she decides to visit to apologize and quit.Meanwhile, the Light Music Club faces disbandment due to a lack of members. This causes the club members to offer anything, from food to slacking off during club time, in order to convince Yui to join. Despite their efforts, Yui insists on leaving due to her lack of musical experience. As a last resort, they play a piece for Yui, which sparks her fiery passion and finally convinces her to join the club.From then onward, it is just plain messing around with bits and pieces of practice. The members of the Light Music Club are ready to make their time together a delightful one![Written by MAL Rewrite]It is a cross over between the series Lupin III and Detective Conan and takes place after the television special Lupin the 3rd vs Detective Conan. The plot follows Conan Edogawa who sets out to apprehend Arsène Lupin III, the suspect of stealing a jewel called Cherry Sapphire.(Souce: Wikipedia)Eight years after the mysterious death of his father, Kaito Kuroba, a slightly mischievous but otherwise ordinary teenager, discovers a shocking secret: the Phantom Thief Kaito Kid—also known as "The Magician Under the Moonlight"—was none other than his own father. The former thief was murdered by a criminal organization seeking a mythical stone called the Pandora Gem, said to shed a tear with the passing of the Valley Comet that comes every ten thousand years. When the tear is consumed, the gem supposedly grants immortality.Vowing to bring those responsible for his father's death to justice, Kaito dons the Phantom Thief's disguise, stealing priceless jewels night after night to find the Pandora Gem before his enemies can use the power for themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the film's story, there is a sudden explosion at Tokyo Summit's giant Edge of Ocean facility. The shadow of Tooru Amuro, who works for the National Police Agency Security Bureau as Zero, appears at the site. In addition, the "triple-face" character is known as Rei Furuya as a detective and Kogorou Mouri's apprentice, and he is also known as Bourbon as a Black Organization member. Kogorou is arrested as a suspect in the case of the explosion. Conan conducts an investigation to prove Kogorou's innocence, but Amuro gets in his way.(Source: ANN)The world's greatest blue sapphire, the "blue lapis fist", said to have sunk in a pirate ship in the late 19th century, on the coasts of Singapore. A local millionaire plots to retrieve it, and when it's exhibited in an exhibition at the Singaporean Marina Sands hotel, a murder takes place. A bloody Kaitou Kid announcement card is found in the crime scene.In the meantime, Ran and Sonoko have come to Singapore to see a karate tournament held there. Conan, who doesn't have a passport and can't travel overseas, was supposed to stay at home. But Kid, who wants to make use of him, uses a magical trick to forcibly drag him to Singapore. Conan must obey Kid if he wants to get back to Japan, gets his glasses, wristwatch and clothes, amongst others, all stolen from him and he has to disguise himself.Ran, who doesn't realize who he is, asks him his name and he improvises the name Arthur Hirai. Kid eventually gets a hold of information about the "fist" being stored in a manor's underground vault. Just when he was thinking that he'd made it inside very easily, he finds a dangerous trap awaiting him. Facing him is the strongest karateka with 400 consecutive victories: Makoto Kyogoku.(Source: Detective Conan World)Life in rural Asahigaoka moves at its own pace. Devoid of the pleasures and worries of a bustling metropolis, this small village might seem painfully dull at first glance. However, despite living this far from her hometown of Tokyo, Hotaru Ichijou manages to find a group of friends whom she can spend quality time with. No matter whether it is winter, spring, summer, or fall, they make full use of everything the nature around them has to offer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The words that Gold Roger, the King of the Pirates, uttered just before his death excited the masses and the world has entered a Great Pirate Era! There is a group of young pirates who are about to set sail on the Grand Line. Monkey D. Luffy, a rubber man. Roronoa Zoro aka “Pirate Hunter.” Usopp, a sniper. Sanji, a seafaring cook. And “Cat Burglar” Nami. They, the Straw Hats, all place a foot upon a barrel and make their vows before their next journey across the great ocean. Luffy shouts “In order to be the King of the Pirates!” A decade ago in the Windmill Village... A little boy Luffy was enthralled with a pirate boss Red-Haired Shanks. But a group of mountain bandits shows up and makes fun of the pirates. “Why didn't you fight them?!” Luffy yells out angrily but Shanks says that it's nothing worth getting mad over. At that time, Luffy snatches the Gum-Gum Fruit from a treasure box and eats it and as a result, his entire body becomes rubber and he loses the ability to swim for the rest of his life! A few days later, Luffy is surrounded by the mountain bandits again and Shanks comes to help. “No matter what the reason, anyone who hurts my friends has to pay!!” Shanks and his pirate crew are incredibly strong and they beat down the mountain bandits. Higuma, the head of the mountain bandits, runs away kidnapping Luffy and heads for the sea. However, they encounter a local Sea Monster there and are attacked. Luffy is in a desperate situation... But again, Shanks saves the day. He outstares the Sea Monster and chases it away but in exchange, he loses his left arm... When Shanks leaves the village, he leaves his straw hat with Luffy. “Come bring it back to me someday! Once you've become a great pirate!” 10 years later, Luffy has grown up strong and he sets out for an adventure on a small boat. He again encounters the local Sea Monster for that fateful day. However, Luffy takes it down with a single blow of Gum-Gum Pistol. Luffy’s journey to become the King of the Pirates now begins!(Source: Crunchyroll)Traveling merchant Kraft Lawrence and wolf deity Holo sit down to have dinner with Norah Arendt, a young shepherdess who helped them smuggle gold. Holo's dislike of Norah—due to both the latter's profession and her closeness with Lawrence—prevents her from enjoying her meal.When Holo falls ill from fatigue, she is cared for by Lawrence, who frets over the health of his dear companion. As she regains her strength, Holo reminisces about the adventures they had together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On her way home from school, Yukari Hayasaka is approached by a weird-looking guy who starts looking at her body intently. He's got blond spiky hair, a spiked choker, and multiple piercings on his ears and face. She wants nothing to do with him, and runs away, only to bump into a very tall and beautiful purple-haired woman with a flower pattern around her eye. Yukari faints from shock and wakes up later in a strange place called the Atelier. It turns out that these strangers are fashion designers who attend the most famous art school around, Yazawa Art Academy, and their group wants Yukari to model for their brand in Yazawa Academy's upcoming show.Yukari turns down their offer and escapes the Atelier, but unknowingly leaves her school ID behind. George Koizumi, the head designer, later sees it and immediately knows she would be the perfect model for them and will not stop until he gets what he wants—and he wants her. Yukari had never considered something as frivolous as modeling before, but could life among these eccentric designers actually prove to be fun? Or will Yukari lose herself in this world of art and passion?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two OVA episodes featuring additional stories. Episode 0: Ritsu and Takano used to date back in high school, but broke up due to a misunderstanding. This is that story. Episode 12.5: Hatori and Chiaki go to visit the latter's family. It's really awkward in many, many ways. The appearance of "quirks," newly discovered super powers, has been steadily increasing over the years, with 80 percent of humanity possessing various abilities from manipulation of elements to shapeshifting. This leaves the remainder of the world completely powerless, and Izuku Midoriya is one such individual.Since he was a child, the ambitious middle schooler has wanted nothing more than to be a hero. Izuku's unfair fate leaves him admiring heroes and taking notes on them whenever he can. But it seems that his persistence has borne some fruit: Izuku meets the number one hero and his personal idol, All Might. All Might's quirk is a unique ability that can be inherited, and he has chosen Izuku to be his successor!Enduring many months of grueling training, Izuku enrolls in UA High, a prestigious high school famous for its excellent hero training program, and this year's freshmen look especially promising. With his bizarre but talented classmates and the looming threat of a villainous organization, Izuku will soon learn what it really means to be a hero.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To the casual eye, the amnesiac bounty hunter Wu Liuqi looks quite intimidating. With his deadly telekinetic scissor techniques and his ability to seamlessly transform into anything, one would not expect his modest demeanor. In fact, Wu is quite terrible at his job. Often times the freelancer can be found botching an assassination or targeting the wrong person. While his failures could be due to his subpar skills, it usually boils down to him being a normal kid, with a heart unsuited for his line of work.Accompanied by his feathered friend Dai Bo, Wu is on a simple quest to regain his memories. Although his inconspicuous day job as a hairdresser and his after-hours occupation are simply a means for him to repay debt, his various ventures seem to intertwine with his pursuit to recover his lost past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana have started middle school and must adjust to the changes that come along with growing up. While Makoto fits in with his classmates and remains positive about swimming, Haruka struggles to befriend others or join his school's swim club, as his previous issues with swimming trouble him. Distancing himself from his lively classmates and the swimming club, he has difficulty deciding which club to join instead. The rest of his classmates, including Makoto, are also hesitant as to which clubs to participate in. After an argument leads them to join the swimming club anyway, the boys strive to hone their skills, harmonize their swimming styles, and refine their conflicting feelings toward swimming and each other.As determination and talent run high, Haruka and Makoto—along with their classmates—discover themselves and improve their talents during their starting days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second cour of Hoozuki no Reitetsu season 2.Kagome Higurashi's 15th birthday takes a sudden turn when she is forcefully pulled by a demon into the old well of her family's shrine. Brought to the past, when demons were a common sight in feudal Japan, Kagome finds herself persistently hunted by these vile creatures, all yearning for an item she unknowingly carries: the Shikon Jewel, a small sphere holding extraordinary power. Amid such a predicament, Kagome encounters a half-demon boy named Inuyasha who mistakes her for Kikyou, a shrine maiden he seems to resent. Because of her resemblance to Kikyou, Inuyasha takes a violent dislike to Kagome. However, after realizing the dire circumstances they are both in, he sets aside his hostility and lends her a hand. Unfortunately, during a fight for the Shikon Jewel, the miraculous object ends up shattered into pieces and scattered across the land. Fearing the disastrous consequences of this accident, Kagome and Inuyasha set out on a challenging quest to recover the shards before they fall into the wrong hands.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fuutarou Uesugi's efforts as the Nakano quintuplets' private tutor are finally paying off. The academic performances of the five sisters are steadily improving, and they are each closer than ever to achieving their respective dreams. However, it appears that Fuutarou has become more than a teacher for the girls, who urge him to sort out his feelings.The undecided young man promises to make a decision by the end of the school festival. However, Fuutarou's task will not be easy, as the Nakano sisters pull out all the stops to win his heart before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ishiyama High is a school populated entirely by delinquents, where nonstop violence and lawlessness are the norm. However, there is one universally acknowledged rule—don't cross first year student Tatsumi Oga, Ishiyama's most vicious fighter.One day, Oga is by a riverbed when he encounters a man floating down the river. After being retrieved by Oga, the man splits down the middle to reveal a baby, which crawls onto Oga's back and immediately forms an attachment to him. Though he doesn't know it yet, this baby is named Kaiser de Emperana Beelzebub IV, or "Baby Beel" for short—the son of the Demon Lord!As if finding the future Lord of the Underworld isn't enough, Oga is also confronted by Hildegard, Beel's demon maid. Together they attempt to raise Baby Beel—although surrounded by juvenile delinquents and demonic powers, the two of them may be in for more of a challenge than they can imagine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It has been 50 years since mankind began its migration to the terraformed Mars, where they live in comfort due to advancements in AI. Carole lives in the metropolis of Alba City, working part-time by day and playing keyboard by night. Tuesday has run away from her home in Hershell City to escape the grip of her wealthy family, and instead hopes to pursue music with her acoustic guitar.After a fateful encounter, the two decide to perform music together. Up against the AI singers that dominate the music world, the two of them believe that together they can convey their feelings through their songs. Will hard work and luck be enough for the duo to create the biggest miracle that Mars has ever seen?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Celty Sturluson is tasked to deliver a suspicious red handbag as part of her courier duties—the problem is: it is being sought by several organizations. As she makes her way through Ikebukuro toward the place the bag is supposed to be brought to, she is chased by mysterious men speaking a foreign language, and her package ends up dragging many of the city's residents into the conflict.Subsequently, famous actor Yuuhei Hanejima has just arrived in Ikebukuro as part of a special TV program, searching for the best couple to give them a chance to appear in one of his movies. However, Yuuhei Hanejima is actually a stage name for Kasuka Heiwajima, Shizuo's younger brother, and when an anonymous internet user threatens to kill the superstar, this user learns the weight of what that relationship means. Moreover, Shizuo discovers that the one responsible for the attempted attack is the meddlesome pest that he loathes with a burning passion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ohana Matsumae has been working at Kissui Inn as a waitress for a while now. However, she realizes that she is starting to lose her desire to sparkle, having grown accustomed to the routines of her job. As this was a desire she had when she first moved to the inn, the realization bothers her. While having Yuina Wakura—Ohana's classmate, friend, and the daughter of rival Fukuya Inn's owner—under her as an apprentice, Ohana stumbles upon some old archives that mention her mother, Satsuki. Ohana does not know much about her mother, but these archives could shed some light on her past.Besides learning more about her mother, it is business as usual at Kissui Inn—though with a couple of challenges to test Ohana and the staff of the inn.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A major incident in peaceful Skyland?! The infant princess Ellee-chan has been kidnapped by a monster from the Undergu Empire! A brave girl named Sora follows the princess into a strange hole. It leads her to another world called Sorashido City. Televisions? Bicycles? Are these magical devices?!?! There's no time to be surprised! Sora has to take the princess back to the castle as soon as possible! Flying between two worlds! This is the beginning of a Precure adventure! It's hero time!(Source: Toei Animation USA)In Stern Bild City, those with special abilities are called NEXT, and can use their powers for good or bad. A unique organized group of NEXT appear regularly on Hero TV, where they chase down evildoers to bring limelight to their sponsors and earn Hero Points in the hopes of becoming the next King of Heroes.Kotetsu T. Kaburagi, known as "Wild Tiger," is a veteran hero whose performance has been dwindling as of late, partially due to his inability to cooperate with other heroes. After a disappointing season in which most of the other heroes far outperformed Tiger, he is paired up with a brand new hero who identifies himself by his real name—Barnaby Brooks Jr.Barnaby, nicknamed "Bunny" by his frivolous new partner, quickly makes it clear that the two could not be more different. Though they mix as well as oil and water, Tiger and Bunny must learn to work together, both for the sake of their careers and to face the looming threats within Stern Bild.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After succeeding in their winter conflict against Taiju Shiba and his Black Dragons, the Tokyo Manji Gang absorbs their group's remaining members. Due to his heroic courage and indomitable spirit, Takemichi Hanagaki should have accomplished his goal of defeating the tragic fate awaiting his girlfriend, Hinata Tachibana.In reality, Takemichi's troubles are far from over. Although Takemichi's actions have exposed Tetta Kisaki's treachery, the conniving schemer has found power elsewhere: Tenjiku, a dangerous gang led by the enigmatic Izana Kurokawa. Izana sets his sights on Manjirou "Mikey" Sano, pursuing a vicious interest in the Tokyo Manji Gang's aloof leader.In the future, Takemichi discovers that the machinations of Izana and Kisaki led to Mikey's moral ruin—a downfall that directly results in Hinata's death. Unfortunately, a terrible loss robs Takemichi of his time-leaping ability, stranding him in the past with one final chance to rescue everyone he loves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shun Hashimoto is an openly gay aspiring novelist living in Okinawa who was abandoned by his parents after coming out to them. Mio Chibana is a reserved, orphaned high school student, often found spending his time by the sea. One day, the two meet on the beach, and Shun is instantly captivated by Mio. The days fly by as they slowly begin to grow closer until Mio suddenly announces that he has to leave for the mainland.Three years pass before a 20-year-old Mio returns to Okinawa to confess his love to Shun. However, in those three years, Shun's life has changed. Will he be able to accept Mio's feelings and make such a commitment?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Aside from her deep passion for eating cakes, the clumsy Ichigo Amano has never been successful at anything.  After an encounter with Henri Lucas, a famous patissier, Ichigo's amazing tasting abilities—although unbeknownst to her—are discovered.  Recognizing her talent, Henri offers her the chance to attend St. Marie Academy, a prestigious culinary school which specializes in desserts.In spite of the fact that she is a beginner lacking skills, thanks to Henri's recommendation, Ichigo is placed in the topmost group with the "Sweets Princes." The princes, famous throughout the school for their magical treats, are Sennosuke Andou, an expert in traditional Japanese sweets; Satsuki Hanabusa, with a flair for candied flowers; and Makoto Kashino, a gifted chocolatier. Ichigo and the Sweets Princes, each accompanied by their "Sweets Spirits"—fairies who make patissiers' dreams come true—all work towards their goals in the competitive world of sweets.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Even during summer break, the Amusement Club lives up to its name! When Akari Akaza, Kyouko Toshinou, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, and Yui Funami find a camping tent, they decide to put it to good use by spending the weekend outside in the mountains. When some student council members catch wind of this, they are invited to come along as well.After a very long journey, the group arrives at their destination and is ready to make the most of their trip. They engage in classic camping activities, such as outdoor cooking and tests of courage, and finish it all off with a visit to the hot springs. An extravagant trip like this doesn't happen every day, but the Amusement Club is sure to savor each moment.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The summer holidays are coming to an end, but the girls from Houkago Tea Time want to take one more trip before their next semester starts. With countless travel destinations to choose from and as many preferences as there are club members, coming to an agreement seems far-flung.Unable to reach a decision, they remember that they must first apply for new passports. As simple as it may sound, the routine visit to a government office and filing a form soon turns into an all-day adventure for Yui Hirasawa and the rest of the band.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Layla is going to perform Phoenix in Broadway. Playing this important role, she sets out on a journey by bicycle alone without leaving any message in order to find out what she's missing inside.Hiyori Iki goes on a skiing trip with her parents and happens to bump into Yato and Yukine. After a short while, they find the other gods who are there for a company vacation. But amidst all the fun, someone is plotting a heinous crime, and Yato is the primary target.On a different day, Yato’s been able to make a small fortune from his last job and decides to take Hiyori and Yukine to Capyper Land. Although she agrees without knowing the destination, will Hiyori actually enjoy the day considering what happened on her last visit?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hana now becomes a peer of the Ojamajo. When Majotourbillon's spirit revives, the witches now have to break her curse. From the help from Pao-chan, Doremi, Hana, and the other witches are able to defeat the curses. (Source: ANN)After suffering great personal loss during the battle of Marineford, Monkey D. Luffy finds himself stranded on Rusukaina, a treacherous island crawling with huge and dangerous creatures. There, he has committed himself to a two-year stretch of training to learn "Haki," the energy that combatants can use to grant themselves a variety of abilities in battle.Luffy is jerked away from his otherwise peaceful training by the abduction of Sandersonia and Marigold, sisters of his friend and ally Boa Hancock. With Boa's aid, Luffy seeks to track down the infamous pirate responsible for the kidnapping, a man whose recent prison break is the result of Luffy's own reckless actions. Luffy must use his developing grasp of Haki to defeat this new foe while coming to terms with his overbearing grief in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An adaptation of the visual-novel by Key, Planetarian: Hoshi no Hito combines the story of the original work with an expansion that extends the narrative with content from the Hoshi no Hito light-novel sequel. In the future after much of the world has been devastated by nuclear and biological warfare, a young scavenger or "Junker" exploring a quarantined and abandoned city comes across a service robot still faithfully awaiting customers in the rooftop planetarium of a department store. Against his pragmatic instincts he helps the robot repair the planetarium's projector: a decision which will change both their fates.(Source: ANN)Nozomu Itoshiki is a high school teacher so pessimistic that even the smallest of misfortunes can send him into a pit of raging despair; some of these "catastrophes" even lead to suicide attempts. Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei is a satirical slice-of-life comedy set in the modern day, covering various aspects of Japanese life and culture through Nozomu and his interactions with his students: Kiri Komori, a recluse who refuses to leave the school; Abiru Kobushi, an enigma who frequently arrives to class with severe and mysterious injuries; the hyper-optimistic Kafuuka Fuura, Nozomu's polar opposite; and several other unusual girls, all of whom are just as eccentric as their teacher.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVAs of Seitokai Yakuindomo* which were either bundled with the limited editions of the manga volumes or as standalone OVAs.Movie adaptation of the Sekaiichi Hatsukoi: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai BL light novel.It is almost the end of the year, and Houkago Tea Time has been invited to participate in a live house on New Year's Eve! The iconic band members are Yui Hirasawa, the carefree guitarist who is enthusiastic to play music; Mio Akiyama, the shy bassist who gets embarrassed easily; Tsumugi Kotobuki, the gentle and sweet keyboardist who finds joy in normal activities; Ritsu Tainaka, the extroverted drummer who likes to tease Mio; and Azusa Nakano, the rhythm guitarist who is one year younger than the rest but slightly more mature.Performing in the set gives the girls the rare opportunity to meet various people from different bands, including the one that invited them, Love Crysis. Will Houkago Tea Time be able to delight their audiences successfully?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryoutsu, being an underpaid policeman, is always coming up with underhanded schemes in order to make a quick buck. But in the end, his plans (which are ridiculous to begin with) always go wrong and land him in big trouble with the chief.In the small, impoverished Tison Village of the Parthevia Empire, a boy, Sinbad, is born to the jaded ex-soldier Badr and his kind-hearted wife Esra. His birth creates a radiant surge throughout the rukh, a declaration of a singularity to those who stand at the pinnacle of magical might: the "Child of Destiny" is here. Despite his country being plagued by economic instability and the repercussions of war, Sinbad leads a cheerful life—until a stranger's arrival shatters his peaceful world, and tragedy soon befalls him.Years later, mysterious edifices called "dungeons" have been erected all over the world. Rumored to contain great power and treasures, these dungeons piqued the interest of adventurers and armies alike; though to this day, none have returned therefrom. Sinbad, now 14, has grown into a charming and talented young boy. Inspired by the shocking events of his childhood and by his father's words, he yearns to begin exploring the world beyond his village. As though orchestrated by fate, Sinbad meets an enigmatic traveler named Yunan. Stirred by Sinbad's story and ambitions, Yunan directs him to a dungeon which he claims holds the power Sinbad needs to achieve his goals—the "power of a king."Magi: Sinbad no Bouken tells the epic saga of Sinbad's early life as he travels the world, honing his skill and influence, while gathering allies and power to become the High King of the Seven Seas.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gene Starwind has always dreamed of piloting his own ship out into the vast sea of stars. Unfortunately, not all dreams come true, as he spends his days working odd jobs alongside his partner, James Hawking, on the small planet Sentinel III instead. However, this all takes a turn when the duo takes on a job from Rachel Sweet who, unbeknownst to them, is actually a treasure-hunting outlaw. Tasked with protecting a mysterious girl known as Melfina, the meeting irrevocably changes the pair's lives as they are sent out into the great unknown aboard the highly advanced ship, Outlaw Star.Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star follows Gene and his ragtag crew as they brave the final frontier, navigating the stars in search of answers to the mysteries surrounding Melfina. Encountering dangerous bounty hunters, space pirates, Taoist mages, and even catgirls, there is sure to be an exhilarating adventure around every corner.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A year after their deceased friend Honma Meiko appeared to them, Jinta Yadomi and the other members of the Super Peace Busters decide to write letters in her memory. Attempting to enjoy their summer together, they reminisce about their time together before and after her death.AnoHana. Movie retells the main events of the parent story in the perspective of each member of the Super Peace Busters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After losing his mother at a very young age, elementary school student Capeta Taira is forced to become more independent to avoid his father worrying for him. Working in a paving company, his father is often busy and has to work overtime to make ends meet. However, no matter how tough he acts in front of his father, Capeta is ultimately just a lonely kid with a rough life. In addition to his typical house duties, he has to deal with the bully Nobu Andou which makes him feel worse, despite support from his classmate, Monami Suzuki.One day, Capeta's father sees young go-kart drivers racing at high speeds and gets inspired by the scene. He then decides to collect scrapped parts available on the track and begins working on a gift for his son. Meanwhile, Capeta and Monami sneak into his workplace, suspecting that his father is up to something.  Much to their surprise, they see a go-kart built from discarded parts—with Capeta's name attached to it! Although it lacks an engine and looks worn out, the kart is mostly complete and functional.Despite the heavy rain, Capeta cannot resist the urge to try out this new machinery. As he drives the kart downhill on a wet road, an incident that is almost a dangerous accident instead becomes a thrilling obsession. No longer bored with life, the engine of Capeta's heart is ignited with a new passion as he journeys into the world of racing. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Junpei Murao's love affair with ballet began at a young age during his sister's ballet recital, when a male ballet dancer roused his interest with a gripping performance. But for Junpei, nothing could be worse than his peers finding out about his secret passion for ballet and perceiving him as effeminate. That is why he is in the soccer club, trains Jeet Kune Do, and is intent on following in his father's footsteps of becoming a stunt coordinator: all very "manly" activities.When Junpei's classmate Miyako Godai spots him demonstrating an impressive kick that combines skills from ballet and Jeet Kune Do to his friends, she suddenly recruits him to join her mother's ballet studio. He resists at first, and although he has abandoned his dreams of formally pursuing ballet, nothing quite captures the euphoria that ballet elicits. After suppressing his desire to pursue ballet for so long, it is not so easy to shake off his hesitation and break free of the shackles of masculinity. Junpei has to be willing to make certain sacrifices and fully commit to ballet, all while risking losing some friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Spirits have always been attracted to Keitarou Gentouga due to his strong spiritual presence. A traumatic encounter with one had caused his right hand to be cursed, forcing him to wear a glove at all times. Now a college freshman, Keitarou is trying to live as normal a life as possible. With the encouragement of his childhood friend Eiko Houzuki, he becomes a private tutor. Since he is at the top of his intake class, his first client is the tutoring firm's most promising student, Yayoi Houzuki.To Keitarou's surprise, Yayoi is Eiko's cousin, and she possesses two pupils in each eye—allowing her to see into the spirit world and purposely seek vengeful spirits to exorcise. Ever since a car accident killed both her parents, Yayoi has been searching for the powerful spirit that kidnapped her mother's departed soul. Seeing that spirits are so attracted to Keitarou, she ropes him into helping her collect other evil spirits that will assist in her future fight. Although her quest is dangerous, Keitarou reluctantly decides to join her, even as each new spirit they meet has him questioning his resolve at every turn.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita Nobi is a normal fourth grade student. This all changes, however, when a blue robotic cat appears from his desk drawer. Calling himself Doraemon, this robot tells Nobita that his future descendants from the 22nd century live in poverty because of all the mistakes he made. Therefore, they have sent Doraemon to serve as a guide and mentor to Nobita, so that their future may change for the better. What Doraemon comes to learn, though, is that Nobita is the weakest and laziest student in the whole school.To assist in his quest, Doraemon has a four-dimensional pocket with him, in which he keeps various machines and gadgets from the future. Unfortunately, these often result in even more trouble for Nobita. Will Doraemon really be able to achieve his mission of changing Nobita, or will he remain as he is?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After passing her entrance exam, Yuno enrolls at Yamabuki High School as part of an art degree. She stays at the Hidamari Apartments along with best friend Miyako, and seniors Hiro and Sae. Each episode follows a day in her life as she mingles with her friends, close peers, overly hyper teachers and closely follows the mundane lives of the high school girls.(Source: ANN)Bundled with the limited editions of 17th, 18th, 19th, and 24th volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga.After the death of Saizou, Kabamaru's horribly strict grandfather and Iga ninja teacher (sensei), an old lady, Ran Ookubo, claims that she received a letter from him asking her to take care of his grandson. So Kabamaru runs off with Lady Ookubo to the big city Tokyo to gorge on yakisoba, ramen, chow mein, and attend a regular school—which turns out to have weird quirks of its own. (Source: ANN) The famous Seven Mysteries that every school seems to have are a staple of Japanese urban legends. One of the most well-known of these tales is that of Hanako-san: the ghost of a young girl who haunts the school's bathrooms.Kamome Academy has its own version of Hanako-san's legend. Rumors claim that if one successfully manages to summon Hanako-san, she will grant her summoner any wish. Lured by the gossip, many people have tried to call upon her, yet every attempt has failed. However, when Nene Yashiro, a girl hoping for romantic fortune, dares to summon Hanako-san, she discovers that the rumored "girl" is actually a boy!After a series of unfortunate events involving Yashiro's romantic desires, she is unwillingly entangled in the world of the supernatural, becoming Hanako-kun's assistant. Soon, she finds out about Hanako-kun's lesser-known duty: maintaining the fragile balance between mortals and apparitions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Death City is home to the famous Death Weapon Meister Academy, a technical academy headed by the Shinigami—Lord Death himself. Its mission: to raise "Death Scythes" for the Shinigami to wield against the many evils of their fantastical world. These Death Scythes, however, are not made from physical weapons; rather, they are born from human hybrids who have the ability to transform their bodies into Demon Weapons, and only after they have consumed the souls of 99 evil beings and one witch's soul.Soul Eater Evans, a Demon Scythe who only seems to care about what's cool, aims to become a Death Scythe with the help of his straight-laced wielder, or meister, Maka Albarn. The contrasting duo work and study alongside the hot headed Black☆Star and his caring weapon Tsubaki, as well as the Shinigami's own son, Death the Kid, an obsessive-compulsive dual wielder of twin pistols Patty and Liz.Soul Eater follows these students of Shibusen as they take on missions to collect souls and protect the city from the world's threats while working together under the snickering sun to become sounder in mind, body, and soul.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the planet Noman's Land, reporters Meryl Stryfe and Roberto De Niro traverse the desert in search of the infamous outlaw Vash the Stampede. But the man they find near the desolate town of Jeneora Rock is a far cry from the lethal terrorist they expect. In reality, Vash is a passive and carefree drifter; he is a proponent of peace, beloved by the residents of the town. His inaccurate reputation actually stems from the widespread atrocities committed by his twin brother Knives Millions. Still, Vash is dubbed "The Humanoid Typhoon'' due to the tendency for violent chaos to follow in his wake.Chaos soon arrives in the form of bounty hunters seeking the high price on Vash's head, and their violent pursuit poses great danger to the town and its precious power plant. Thanks to his gunslinging prowess, Vash is able to resist most of these nefarious forces. Yet he must soon face off against the ultimate evil: the unstoppable destructive power of his malevolent brother.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In this world, angels, demons, and other supernatural beings peacefully coexist with humans. Neil Bowman is a demon who is unlike most; he is mesmerized with human culture, and no matter how hard he tries, he can't do anything evil. Thus, he runs away from Hell and up to Earth.Neil moves in with his online friend and vampire, Ira Blood, along with Ira's many roommates. Despite coming to Earth to meet humans, Neil discovers that not a single one of his new roommates is actually human. Along with Ira, there's Lynn Angel, the stern angel landlord; Lynn's little sister, Lily, who falls from Heaven; Abu, a mummy who never speaks; and Vladimir Eliot Kirilenko, a werewolf tasked with monitoring Neil.What most of them don't realize—not even Neil himself—is that Neil possesses the powers of the Demon King. What effect will this have on the residents of Apartment 1031 on All Saints Street?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After graduating from a top university with an impressive extracurricular record in the rugby club, Akira Tendou has nailed every step of the way to securing his dream job. On top of that, a beautiful and kind co-worker always brightens his day in the office! Life seems to be going very well for Akira until he slowly realizes that sleepless nights and brutal work are his new reality.Due to three years of mind-numbing labor in an exploitative company, Akira is unable to recognize the tired, unaccomplished person he has become. On track to losing all passion in life like several of his overworked colleagues, Akira finds his saving grace in the most unexpected way possible—the breakout of a zombie apocalypse.With the free time he finally has, Akira decides to complete a bucket list of a hundred things he wants to do before he eventually gets turned into a zombie. Although he is surrounded by the dead, Akira has never felt more alive![Written by MAL Rewrite]If a survey were conducted to see if people believed in aliens, time travelers, or maybe espers, most would say they do not; average high school student Kyon considers himself among the non-believers. However, on his first day of school, he meets a girl who soon turns his world upside down.During class introductions, the beautiful Haruhi Suzumiya boldly announces her boredom with "normal" people and her intention of meeting supernatural beings. Dumbfounded, Kyon learns of her frustration with the lack of paranormal-focused clubs at their school and unwittingly inspires her to start her own club. She creates the Spreading Fun all Over the World with Haruhi Suzumiya Brigade, otherwise known as the SOS Brigade.Following the SOS Brigade's founding, Haruhi manages to recruit Kyon and three other members: quiet bookworm Yuki Nagato, shy upperclassman Mikuru Asahina, and perpetually positive Itsuki Koizumi. Despite their normal appearance, the new members of the SOS Brigade each carry their own secrets related to Haruhi. Caught up in the mystery surrounding the eccentric club leader, Kyon is whisked away on a series of misadventures by Haruhi and the SOS Brigade, each one bringing him closer to the truth about who and what she is.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Tentai Senshi Sunred.Kyoto has been populated by groups of tanuki and tengu for years, living alongside humans who are oblivious to the existence of these creatures. Yasaburou Shimogamo is the third son of an influential tanuki family who spends his carefree days taking care of an old tengu, observing humans through his ability to shapeshift, and dealing with the mysterious woman named Benten.Behind the peace and tranquility, however, is a painful memory from long ago as Yasaburou's father, head of the tanuki community, was killed and eaten by a group of humans known as the Friday Fellows. Uchouten Kazoku follows the trials and tribulations of the Shimogamo brothers as they struggle to avoid their own grisly demise while coming ever closer to unraveling the truth behind their father's death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Dear Mom and Dad, it's already been a year since I left home. Don't worry- I'm doing great! I can take care of myself now. And I've learned to take care of others, too. Before, I never could have imagined having so many friends. But now, I can hardly imagine living without them. I think... Here, is my second home."It was all a lie.Suspicion. Betrayal. Conspiracy. (Source: PV)One will to create oceans. One will to summon the mulberry fields.One will to slaughter countless devils. One will to eradicate innumerable immortals.Only my will… is eternal.A Will Eternal tells the tale of Bai Xiaochun, an endearing but exasperating young man who is driven primarily by his fear of death and desire to live forever, but who deeply values friendship and family.(Source: Novel Updates)Thanks to the sacrifices of war heroes like Amuro Ray, the Universal Century's 105th year sees an era of hard-won but short-lived peace. The Earth Federation keeps a militaristic hold on the planet and its surrounding space colonies. Although Char Aznable's rebellion against the neglectful Federation met its ultimate failure, his revolutionary philosophy of true freedom for all human beings lives on.Despite being the son of a famous Federation commander, Hathaway Noa embodies both the undying loyalty of soldier Amuro Ray and the militant passion of rebel leader Char Aznable. Haunted by memories of Char's Rebellion, Hathaway leads a dissident faction of his own known as Mafty. He adopts the alias "Mafty Navue Erin" and commits acts of violence in revolt against the growing tyranny of the Federation.After thwarting the hostile takeover of a plane by a terrorist group fraudulently claiming to be Mafty, Hathaway's secret identity is discovered by a young woman named Gigi Andalucia. Hathaway befriends both Gigi and Federation colonel Kenneth Sleg, but his double life endangers them as the armed conflict between Mafty and the Federation comes to a head.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While exploring Wiz's magic shop with his party, Kazuma Satou finds a magical wish-granting choker and decides to try it on. Only then does Wiz tell him that the choker strangles its wearer to death in four days unless their desires are fulfilled. This wouldn't be a problem if Kazuma knew what his wish was. Fearing for Kazuma's life, Aqua, Megumin, and Lalatina "Darkness" Dustiness Ford all agree to do his bidding in order to satisfy his desires and hopefully grant his wish, no matter what he asks for...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Under the unrelenting heat of the South American sun, hardened criminal Michiko Malandro breaks out of a high security prison for the fourth time in search of a man from her past. Michiko finds a clue in the form of Hana Morenos, a young girl trapped under the fists of her abusive foster family. In her powerlessness, Hana fantasizes about the day when she is finally whisked away from her captors by her very own Prince Charming. Little does she know that her fated prince would turn out to be the buxom and husky convict who charges in atop a stolen motorbike, claiming to be her mother.The unlikely duo chase down their dreams in the sun-drenched land of Diamandra, navigating through the cacophony of betrayal, poverty, and child exploitation rings hiding in plain sight. However, wind of Michiko's manhunt soon reaches the ears of criminal syndicate Monstro Preto, and a storm of gang warfare begins brewing over the horizon…Michiko to Hatchin is the story of vibrant people and their clashing agendas, and of all the unlikely human connections drawn together by one elusive man. [Written by MAL Rewrite]During their stay in the capital of Milishion, the adventurers of Dead End decide to split up for a day to run their errands. While Rudeus Greyrat has his plans derailed by a troublesome scene, the party's swordswoman, Eris Boreas Greyrat, finds herself with nothing to do. Deciding to embark on an adventure to slay goblins, Eris crosses paths with a cocky but talented mage named Cliff Grimoire. Though Eris refuses his company, Cliff stubbornly ignores her wishes and dares her to explore the perilous forest surrounding the city. Accepting his challenge, Eris ventures into the forest with the mage, where the two encounter something far more repulsive than mere goblins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a child, Uta—the Red Hair Pirates' ex-musician and Monkey D. Luffy's childhood friend—promised that she would build a new era of freedom by performing joyful music for the world.Luffy and the Straw Hat Crew arrive at Uta's first ever live concert, where many fans have gathered to enjoy the diva's otherworldly singing. Due to a childhood trauma, Uta bears a deep-seated hatred for pirates; her happy reunion with Luffy is cut short when she learns that he has since become one. Luffy's refusal to change his ways results in Uta unleashing her powers on the Straw Hats. The crew soon learns that their minds have already been trapped in Uta's dream world since the beginning of the concert, while their unconscious bodies remain asleep in the real world.With time quickly running out, the Straw Hats must find a way to escape the nightmare or be trapped in Uta's dream forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]First loves are messy. While settling in as a shoujo manga editor at the famous Marukawa Publishing House, Ritsu Onodera is quite troubled. Working under the stern and superb Masamune Takano is hard enough as it is. However, Masamune is not only Ritsu's first love from middle school but he also suddenly declares that he will make Ritsu fall for him again.Unknown to them, another editor in the department, Yoshiyuki Katori, is in a relationship with the popular manga artist Chiaki Yoshino. The carefree Chiaki fails to notice, however, that his high school friend—Yuu Yanase—thinks of him as more than a friend. The stoic but caring Hatori will not surrender his love so easily.Falling in love for the first time when you are 30 is certainly troublesome. Shouta Kisa, yet another editor, is going out with 21-year-old Kou Yukina, an art student. Despite Yukina's assurances, Kisa cannot help but doubt whether someone like himself is truly worthy of his younger, "sparkling" boyfriend.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Six thousand years ago, mankind's glorious reign ended as a result of an invasion of the demon race, brought about by the emergence of 72 demon gods. To safeguard the remnants of humanity, the Alliance of Temples appeared to stop the demons' progress and temporarily stabilize the situation.At present, nine-year-old Long Hao Chen is training to become a part of the Knight Temple Hall. Through sheer dedication and the support of his companions, he passes the knight exam. Now, under the tutelage of his teacher Long Xing Yu, Long Hao Chen endures the Holy Resurrection Ritual to ascertain his capability. The ritual reveals that Long Hao Chen is a Son of Light—an individual who possesses a vast amount of spiritual energy.Recognizing his disciple's promising potential, Long Xing Yu urges Long Hao Chen to become a strong knight capable of defeating the Demon Lord alongside him. With countless challenges awaiting him, Long Hao Chen may be the warrior that can end the era of darkness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a child living in the town of Lawless, Angelo Lagusa has witnessed a tragedy: his parents and younger brother have been mercilessly slaughtered by the Vanetti mafia family. Losing everything he holds dear, he leaves both his name and hometown behind, adopting the new identity of Avilio Bruno.Seven years later, Avilio finally has his chance for revenge when he receives a mysterious letter prompting him to return to Lawless. Obliging, he soon encounters the Vanetti don's son, Nero, and seeks to befriend him using the skills he has quietly honed for years.Set during the Prohibition era, 91 Days tells the story of Avilio's dark, bloodstained path to vengeance, as he slowly ends each of the men involved in the killing of his family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takuya Enoki is living a difficult life for a fifth grader. His mother passed away in a tragic car accident a few months ago, forcing him to pick up the slack and take care of his baby brother, Minoru, as his father works the endless hours typical of a Japanese salaryman.He will have to sacrifice his childhood in order to meet the needs of his little brother. Cooking, cleaning, worrying, and trying to discipline Minoru are some of the tasks Takuya will have on his plate, all while their neighbors blame him for Minoru’s constant crying. Meanwhile, he will watch as his friends live their carefree lives, enjoying their free time. It will not be easy and there will be plenty of stumbling blocks, but along the way, he may actually learn the true meaning of family.The group of privateers known as the Blue Steel continues their mission to deliver blueprints of the Vibration Warhead Torpedo—a weapon that may turn the tides of war in their favor—to the United States. However, a new threat arises from their enemy, the overwhelming Fleet of Fog in the form of "The Student Council.," This is a group of warships composed of the remaining Mental Models—the ships' humanoid avatars—who have yet to face the unpredictable captain of the Blue Steel, Gunzou Chihaya.As the Blue Steel gets closer to understanding the origins of the authority controlling the enemy, Iona's past starts to reveal why the war began and her reason for siding with humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, humanity has found a way to live forever by purchasing mechanical bodies, but this way to immortality is extraordinarily expensive. An impoverished boy, Tetsurou Hoshino, desires to purchase a pass on the Galaxy Express 999—a train that travels throughout the universe—because it is said that at the end of the line, those aboard can obtain a mechanical body for free. When Tetsurou's mother is gunned down by the villainous machine-man hybrid Count Mecha, however, all seems lost.Tetsurou is then saved from certain death by the mysterious Maetel, a tall woman with blonde hair and a striking resemblance to his mother. She gives him a pass to the Galaxy Express under one condition: that they travel together. Thus, Tetsurou begins his journey across the universe to many unique planets and thrilling adventures, in hopes of being able to attain that which he most desires.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having attended Mihama Academy for about a year, Yuuji Kazami has seemingly found his place within the school, but he suddenly decides to pursue a promotion in CIRS. After consulting JB about his intentions, they both thoroughly examine Yuuji's documents and dissect the events of his upbringing to determine if the job is fit for him.Meanwhile, unbeknownst to the two, the girls of Mihama uncover some torn documents in Yuuji's room. After restoring the papers, they discover the story that has formed—or perhaps broken—Yuuji into the man he is today. However, what was thought to be history has haunted him to the present, and the chains of the past begin to drag him back into the darkness...[Written by MAL Rewrite] An intense battle rages on at the Tokyo Qualifiers for the three remaining spots in the national volleyball competition. Nekoma High School, Fukurodani High School, Nohebi Academy, and Itachiyama Academy all passionately strive to participate in the tournament. Despite various issues on the court, Nekoma especially wishes to prove they are worthy of moving on to the national level. As the teams aim to secure their place by overcoming both their opponents and their own weaknesses, the Tokyo Qualifiers determine which teams will reign victorious and join the national competition.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following their success in the qualifying round for the Kansai regional competition, the members of the Kitauji High School concert band set their sights on the next upcoming performance. Utilizing their summer break to the utmost, the band participates in a camp where they are instructed by their band advisor Noboru Taki and his friends who make their living as professional musicians.Kumiko Oumae and her friends remain determined to attain gold at the Kansai competition, but trouble arises when a student who once quit the band shows interest in rejoining and sparks unpleasant memories for the second-year members. Kumiko also learns about her teacher's surprising past and the motivation behind his desire to lead the band to victory. Reaching nationals will require hard work, and the adamant conviction in each student's commitment to the band will be put to the test.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Mizuhanome System is a highly advanced development that allows people to enter one of the most intriguing places in existence—the human mind. Through the use of so-called "cognition particles" left behind at a crime scene by the perpetrator, detectives from the specialized police squad Kura can manifest a criminal's unconscious mind as a bizarre stream of thoughts in a virtual world. Their task is to explore this psychological plane, called an "id well," to reveal the identity of the culprit.Not just anyone can enter the id wells; the prerequisite is that you must have killed someone yourself. Such is the case for former detective Akihito Narihisago, who is known as "Sakaido" inside the id wells. Once a respected member of the police, tragedy struck, and he soon found himself on the other side of the law.Nevertheless, Narihisago continues to assist Kura in confinement. While his prodigious detective skills still prove useful toward investigations, Narihisago discovers that not everything is as it seems, as behind the seemingly standalone series of murder cases lurks a much more sinister truth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Life isn't easy for Anne Shirley, an 11-year-old orphan with a vast imagination and a short temper. In a twist of fate, she gets taken into the Cuthbert house in Avonlea. The elderly occupants Marilla and Matthew Cuthbert were looking for a young boy to help in the fields, but they're in for quite a shock when they realize Anne is a girl.Adapted from the acclaimed classic by L. M. Montgomery, Akage no Anne portrays Anne's upbringing from 11 to 17 years of age and her encounters and separations with various people. Only time will tell what major decision Anne has to make that will change her life forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a civilized society of anthropomorphic animals, an uneasy tension exists between carnivores and herbivores. At Cherryton Academy, this mutual distrust peaks after a predation incident results in the death of Tem, an alpaca in the school's drama club. Tem's friend Legoshi, a grey wolf in the stage crew, has been an object of fear and suspicion for his whole life. In the immediate aftermath of the tragedy, he continues to lay low and hide his menacing traits, much to the disapproval of Louis, a red deer and the domineering star actor of the drama club.When Louis sneaks into the auditorium to train Tem's replacement for an upcoming play, he assigns Legoshi to lookout duty. That very night, Legoshi has a fateful encounter with Haru, a white dwarf rabbit scorned by her peers. His growing feelings for Haru, complicated by his predatory instincts, force him to confront his own true nature, the circumstances surrounding the death of his friend, and the undercurrent of violence plaguing the world around him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth Break Blade Movie.The clueless boys of Sanada North High School never lack a new topic to dissect. Questions about girls are endless, the true meaning of being a man could be hidden in questionable chivalry, and there might be a moral side to silly pranks. With a different predicament always ongoing, the daily lives of high school boys are anything but boring.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chiyo Sakura is a cheerful high school girl who has fallen head over heels for the oblivious Umetarou Nozaki. Much to Chiyo's confusion, when she confesses to her beloved Nozaki, he hands her an unfamiliar autograph. As it turns out, the stoic teenage boy is actually a respected shoujo mangaka, publishing under the pen name Sakiko Yumeno! A series of misunderstandings leads to Chiyo becoming one of Nozaki's manga assistants.Throughout the hilarious events that ensue, she befriends many of her quirky schoolmates, including her seemingly shameless fellow assistant, Mikoto Mikoshiba, and the "Prince of the School," Yuu Kashima. Gekkan Shoujo Nozaki-kun follows Chiyo as she strives to help Nozaki with his manga and hopes that he will eventually notice her feelings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Brandon Heat and Harry MacDowel, two friends so close they could be called brothers, receive an abrupt and violent reminder one fateful day of how appallingly merciless the world around them can be. Their whole lives before then were simple and easygoing, consisting largely of local brawls, seducing women, and committing petty theft to make a living and pass the time. What they failed to realize is that in this cruel world, happiness is fleeting, and change is inevitable.Enter Millennion, the largest and most infamous mafia syndicate in the area, which accepts Brandon and Harry into their ranks and starts them at the bottom of the food chain. Harry has ambitions to ascend the ranks and one day replace Big Daddy as the supreme leader of Millennion, while Brandon only wishes to support his friend and appease Big Daddy who has taken custody of the woman Brandon loves.Based off the third-person shooter video game under the same name, Gungrave is an epic story of friendship, betrayal, and avarice that spans the course of several years, ultimately tying back to the gripping and foreboding first episode, all the while building up to the story's thrilling conclusion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A stop-motion anime that will bundle with the 42nd compiled book volume of Haruichi Furudate's Haikyu!! manga. Anime will have 10 short episodes featuring the Karasuno team as puppets.(Source: ANN)A year later, the daily life of the students of the Hidamari Sou at Yamabuki High School continues: Yuno and Miyako are second years, Sae and Hiro are third years, and two new students, Nori and Nazuna, move into the Hidamari Sou.(Source: AniDB)Wall Sina, GoodbyeAnnie Leonhart has a job to do—and a resulting absence that must stay off her record at all costs. With no one else to turn to, she asks her comrade Hitch Dreyse to cover for her. She agrees but puts forward a single condition: Annie must solve the fruitless missing person case Hitch was assigned. The case revolves around Carly Stratmann, a university graduate and the daughter of wealthy businessman Elliot Stratmann. With only a single day to solve the case and the underground of the Stohess District crawling with thugs, Annie must put her all into finding this girl. Yet, every answer she uncovers only leads to further questions—how has the illegal drug coderoin found its way to Stohess, what is Elliot hiding, and where has Carly disappeared to?Lost in the Cruel WorldWith worry for Eren Yeager gripping her heart, Mikasa Ackerman begins to remember. She remembers her conversations with Armin Arlert, her concern for her friends, and most painfully, the time she had almost lost everything. As fear takes control, she begins to experience an alternate version of her past—some things can be changed, but are there events so inescapable that she cannot even prevent them in her dreams?[Written by MAL Rewrite]For nearly a millennium, demons have imposed a magical barrier that has impeded the people trapped within it from reaching the outside world. Now that it is broken, several kingdoms seek to explore the lands that were once beyond their grasp. To this end, they establish a peace delegation to make contact with the inhabitants of the new world.Meanwhile, the young sorceress Lina Inverse receives a message from a mysterious woman named Filia ul Copt. When they meet, Filia expresses interest in hiring Lina and her friends, having heard of their great deeds, for a certain task that will take them to the outside realm. Despite that, Filia feels the need to put their strength to the test and pits them against a dragon in the middle of the city! After proving themselves, the sorceress and her fellow adventurers set off for the unexplored lands, where many adventures and a worrying prophecy await them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world inhabited by demons, cyclopes, and other fantastic creatures, humans stand apart as the outcasts. Quick to anger, the human race engaged in a war that all but wiped them out. The few humans that remain are seen as a delicacy, serving no purpose but to be hunted down and eaten.One day, Golem, a wandering protector of nature, encounters a lone human child while patrolling. Inspired by her enthusiasm, he takes the girl, named Somali, under his wing. Together, the duo embarks on a journey to find Somali's parents and bring her home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.For high school student Tanaka, the act of being listless is a way of life. Known for his inattentiveness and ability to fall asleep anywhere, Tanaka prays that each day will be as uneventful as the last, seeking to preserve his lazy lifestyle however he can by avoiding situations that require him to exert himself. Along with his dependable friend Oota who helps him with tasks he is unable to accomplish, the lethargic teenager constantly deals with events that prevent him from experiencing the quiet and peaceful days he longs for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seikyou Private Academy, built on the intrigue of traditional occult myths, bears a dark past—for 60 years, it has been haunted by a ghost known as Yuuko, a young woman who mysteriously died in the basement of the old school building. With no memory of her life or death, Yuuko discreetly finds and heads the Paranormal Investigations Club in search of answers.A chance meeting leads Yuuko to cling to diligent freshman Teiichi Niiya, who can see the quirky ghost. They quickly grow close, and he decides to help her. Along with Kirie Kanoe, Yuuko's relative, and the oblivious second year Momoe Okonogi, they delve deep into the infamous Seven Mysteries of the storied school.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The exciting antics of Wagnaria return as more ridiculous incidents occur, friendships are deepened, and new feelings are discovered. In addition to Souta Takanashi and his wacky co-workers, more eccentric personalities join the family restaurant: Haruna, Hyougo Otoo's missing wife, who has a habit of getting hopelessly lost through the sewer system; Kirio Yamada, Aoi's older brother, who is able to withstand Mahiru Inami's deadly punches; and twins Youhei and Mitsuki Mashiba, Kyouko Shirafuji's juniors who do not get along.Absurdity, romance, and hilarity are all on the menu for the Wagnaria family restaurant![Written by MAL Rewrite]The girls of the Amusement Club return in Yuru Yuri♪♪, finding new ways to make passing time even more enjoyable. Their members consist of the always energetic Kyouko Toshinou; calm and sensible Yui Funami; polite but often overlooked Akari Akaza; and Chinatsu Yoshikawa, who stumbled upon the others while looking for the Tea Ceremony Club. Together they are the Amusement Club, which has the deceptively simple task of keeping its members entertained.Along with the Student Council and the odd family member, they strive to enjoy their youth to the fullest. Whether it's a trip to a hot spring or finishing overdue homework, their lives are never dull, and they will always find an excuse to spend time together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haré was a happy boy living out his days in the jungle with his mother, but then one day Guu showed up and became a member of their household. Throughout the series he faces many hardships as he tries to keep Guu out of trouble in the jungle.(Source: ANN)Following the events of Satsujin Kousatsu (Zen), Shiki Ryougi has been in a coma for two years due to a traffic accident. When she finally awakens, she has no memories of her past and is plagued by a profound loneliness. Even stranger, she notices dark lines encompassing the things around her, and if she touches them she can disassemble the object—something which completely terrifies her. Her friend, Mikiya Kokutou, enlists the help of Touko Aozaki, a mage who can help Shiki understand what her eyes—the "Mystic Eyes of Death Perception"—are truly capable of and how to use them properly.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]The Winter Cup finals have arrived, and the Seirin High School basketball team braces itself for the game against its indomitable opponent, Rakuzan High School. With the former Generation of Miracles leader Seijuurou Akashi as their captain, Rakuzan has established itself as the unyielding emperor of the court. Akashi's innate ability, known as the Emperor Eye, allows him to predict his enemies' next move and meticulously dismantle each play, further cementing his absolute authority over the court. Seirin's "light and shadow" duo, Taiga Kagami and Tetsuya Kuroko, now find themselves given the ultimate test of teamwork in which they must play with the strongest synergy possible to break through Akashi's omniscience. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The iconic "gentleman thief" Lupin III returns in an action-packed, continent-spanning adventure, as Lupin III and his colorful underworld companions race to uncover the secrets of the mysterious Bresson Diary, before it falls into the hands of a dark cabal that will stop at nothing to resurrect the Third Reich. The gang undertakes trap-filled tombs, aerial escapades, and daring prison escapes with the trademark wit and visual finesse that have made Lupin the 3rd one of the most storied animation franchises in the world, in a thrilling new caper that is sure to delight fans old and new.(Source: GKIDS, edited)The film will be a continuation spinoff of the 2012 "Lupin III: The Woman Called Fujiko Mine" television anime series.Lupin and Jigen have their sights set on a treasure worth stealing called the Little Comet which is located in the country of East Doroa. The country has fortified its border after a singer named Queen Malta got assassinated in the neighboring country of West Doroa upon visit. Despite the two countries being enemies, Lupin and Jigen still plan to steal the treasure. During the heist, Jigen almost got killed by a skilled sniper named Yael Okuzaki. His specialty is preparing tombstones for his targets before executing his kills. Its said that no one has survived after Yael makes a grave for that target.(Source: ANN)Following their heroic efforts at Walter Park, the students of the misfit class return to Babyls Demon School after their summer vacation. What awaits them is not only adoration and admiration but also the shocking revelation that, in order to stay in the luxurious Royal One classroom, the entire class must be promoted to Dalet rank before entering the second year.As the Harvest and Music Festivals are right around the corner, there seem to be ample opportunities to rank up. Doing so will not be simple, however, as no class thus far has managed to accomplish such a feat. Hoping to give the misfit class a chance to achieve the improbable, the school appoints special tutors to aid in confronting the challenges that lie ahead.With his sights set beyond Dalet, Iruma Suzuki decides to take strides toward the goal of ranking up, starting with gaining acknowledgement from his special tutor: the short-tempered and selfish Bachiko Barbatos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Professor Agasa has created a computer program that can give you the identity of anyone in the world. He decides to use it on figuring out who Kaitou Kid is. Before he does, the program gives him a history of the Kid, as well as preview clips of the eighth movie. When he is about to finally figure out who the Kid is, Kid appears on the computer screen, announcing he has hacked the program.(Source: detectiveconanworld) Seemingly an average man, Joe Logan leads a peaceful life in the countryside with his wife and child. However, the Logan family have actually assumed false identities to escape from Joe's past as a fearsome ninja assassin. Despite a string of high-profile murders of his former peers, Joe is sure that his new life is secure—but his tranquil bliss is soon shattered when his family is slaughtered by members of his former clan.Left for dead, Joe wakes up in a hospital, unsure of how he survived the wounds that should have killed him. Police detectives Emma Samanda and Mike Moriss, assigned to investigate the Logan family's deaths, witness another attempt on Joe's life. However, this time Joe is prepared. Unleashing secret techniques, he easily dispatches his enemies, shedding his new identity in the process.Embracing his old ways, Joe shrouds himself in his former persona, cutting through the organization he once served in the name of cold-blooded revenge. Assisted in his hunt by the detective duo, Joe will stop at nothing to kill his past and the demons hailing from it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mahiru Shiina is worthy of her nickname "Angel": she is a divine beauty loved by all, and she excels in both academics and athletics. Shiina lives in an entirely different world from Amane Fujimiya, her next-door neighbor. Despite living so close together, they have never spoken once. But their silence is broken when Fujimiya spots Shiina gloomily sitting on a swing amidst a heavy rainstorm and lends her his umbrella. When Fujimiya catches a cold the next day, Shiina wishes to return the favor for the umbrella by nursing him back to health. Believing that this would be their first and last interaction, he silently appreciates her kindness. However, Shiina—who can not help but worry about Fujimiya's lack of tidiness and proper nutrition—begins to cook and clean for him. As the unlikely pair spend time together in Fujimiya's apartment, they explore the true nature of their relationship and the gentle emotions that emerge from it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two recaps aired before the first episode of the day at the time Owarimonogatari 2nd Season was airing.Episode 0.5 (aired before Mayoi Hell) - Owari ni Mukau Monogatari (Heading Towards the End of the Story): Araragi's voice actor Hiroshi Kamiya retells events from Koyomi Vamp, Mayoi Maimai, Shinobu Time, Yotsugi Doll, Koyomi Nothing and Koyomi Dead.Episode 4.5 (aired before Ougi Dark) - Araragi Koyomi no Monogatari (Araragi Koyomi's Story): Hanekawa's voice actor Yui Horie looks back at Araragi's past year and what happened to him throughout the series. Ousai Academy was originally an all-girls high school. Due to the declining birth rates in recent years, it was converted into a co-ed school. The first year male students would find themselves surrounded by girls and unfortunately, Tsuda Takatoshi is one of them. What's worse, he gets scolded on his first day by the student council president Shino Amakusa, which did not give a good first impression of him. Tsuda also meets the other student council members while getting scolded, and in the end, he gets late for class. As an apology for ruining his morning, Shino lets him join the student council for various of "reasons" and he accepts it, or rather, he's forced to accept. Thus begins his days as Tsuda soon realizes that he's the only normal student in Ousai Academy...The Seto no Hanayome OVAs are new stand alone shorts with characters from the series and also two new ones. It is now the third year of school, San and Luna's dads are still being over protective. All the while Nagasumi has his hands full trying to keep everyone around him under control and rescuing damsels in distress. (Source: ANN)Rentarou Aijou has it all: looks, intelligence, athletic skill, and popularity with peers and mentors alike. Unfortunately, none of these qualities help Rentarou with his love life. On the day of his middle school graduation, he is once again turned down by a girl he confesses to, earning his one-hundredth rejection in a row. Down on his luck, he goes to a matchmaking shrine and wishes to finally get a girlfriend in high school.When the god of the shrine suddenly appears before him, Rentarou is told he will meet an astronomical total of one hundred soulmates in high school. Though Rentarou initially does not take this foretelling seriously, his doubts disappear when, on the first day of school, he meets two of these soulmates—Hakari Hanazono and Karane Inda—who both confess to him. With fated encounters and love confessions galore, Rentarou's life is about to get a lot more exciting.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jun Naruse is a chatterbox whose life is colored by fairy tales and happy endings. However, influenced by her deep belief in those tales, she is too naive and trusting, and her words soon shatter her family's bond when she inadvertently reveals her father's affair. Naruse is scarred for life after being blamed for her parent's divorce, and her regrets soon manifest into a fairy egg—a being who seals her mouth from speaking in order to protect everyone's happy ending.Now, even in high school, Naruse's speech remains locked by the fairy egg. Even trying to speak causes her stomach to twist. Though unable to convey her thoughts through words, she is unexpectedly chosen to perform in a musical alongside three other students: Takumi Sakagami, Natsuki Nitou, and Daiki Tasaki. Naruse makes her way to the club room to reject the daunting task, but changes her mind when she overhears Sakagami's beautiful singing.Perhaps the fairy egg "curse" does not apply to singing, and perhaps Sakagami is the fairy tale prince she has been seeking all along. Will Naruse be able to convey the anthem of her heart?[Written by MAL Rewrite]"A believing heart is your magic!"—these were the words that Atsuko "Akko" Kagari's idol, the renowned witch Shiny Chariot, said to her during a magic performance years ago. Since then, Akko has lived by these words and aspired to be a witch just like Shiny Chariot, one that can make people smile. Hence, even her non-magical background does not stop her from enrolling in Luna Nova Magical Academy.However, when an excited Akko finally sets off to her new school, the trip there is anything but smooth. After her perilous journey, she befriends the shy Lotte Yansson and the sarcastic Sucy Manbavaran. To her utmost delight, she also discovers Chariot's wand, the Shiny Rod, which she takes as her own. Unfortunately, her time at Luna Nova will prove to be more challenging than Akko could ever believe. She absolutely refuses to stay inferior to the rest of her peers, especially to her self-proclaimed rival, the beautiful and gifted Diana Cavendish, so she relies on her determination to compensate for her reckless behavior and ineptitude in magic.In a time when wizardry is on the decline, Little Witch Academia follows the magical escapades of Akko and her friends as they learn the true meaning of being a witch.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lupin III chronicles the adventures of Arsene Lupin III, the world's greatest thief, and his partners in crime: master marksman Daisuke Jigen, beautiful and scheming Fujiko Mine and stoic samurai Goemon Ishikawa XIII. Lupin and his gang travel around the globe in search of the world's greatest treasures and riches and always keeping one step ahead of the tireless Inspector Zenigata, who has vowed to bring Lupin to justice. (Source: ANN)Nike was a simple boy from Boering Village, and the last thing he ever wanted was to become a hero. But when a sign appears from the king of Ainshent Castle Town recruiting heroes to slay the Demon Lord Giri, Nike's father enthusiastically forces him out the door. Along with Kukuri, a member of the Migu Migu Clan, Nike sets out on an adventure to become the legendary hero that the world needs.As Nike and Kukuri travel across different continents, they attempt to learn the secrets of Guru Guru Magic, a strange but powerful type of magic used to seal Demon Lord Giri's power. While reluctantly taking on their assigned quest, the duo does not fail to acquire new comrades and have fun along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Summer has arrived, and the students of Lillian Girls' Academy are on break! Yumi and Sachiko head out to the Ogasawara family's summer home, but what was supposed to be a relaxing vacation takes a turn for the worse when some of Sachiko's old acquaintances drop by for tea. These rich and snobby debutantes don't think Yumi is worthy of Sachiko's affection and they're out to make this summer one she'll regret.(Source: RightStuf)Under the cover of darkness, a masked samurai murders five men across the metropolis of Japan: three in Tokyo, one in Osaka, and the last in Kyoto. In their investigation, the police learn that each man was a member of the Genjibotaru—a thieves gang centered on the theft of Buddhist statues and artifacts and who go by the names of Minomoto no Yoshitune's servants.Without a clear motive or clues to the other members' identities, the case runs dry until a Kyoto temple calls for the famous Kogorou Mouri. Having received an anonymous letter containing a peculiar puzzle, the temple monks ask for his assistance in solving it to recover their long lost statue. Meanwhile, Conan Edogawa and high school detective Heiji Hattori team up in order to solve the cryptic puzzle and find the murderer, as Hattori searches for his childhood love.With Hattori's knowledge of Kyoto, the two scour the streets and gradually discover the truth, but not before the murderer strikes again—killing another Genjibotaru member and, after repeated attempts on Hattori's life, eventually kidnapping Hattori's childhood sweetheart. It is only by working together to bring buried clues to light can Conan and Hattori hope to end the rogue samurai's bloodshed and save Hattori's love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After witnessing the race between Takumi Fujiwara's Toyota AE86 and Keisuke Takahashi's Mazda RX7, Takeshi Nakazato from the Myougi Night Kids sends out a challenge to defeat the AE86 in a downhill battle. Despite his Nissan Skyline GT-R completely outclassing the AE86, Nakazato is told that he will never beat Takumi—a statement that enrages him. Believing that grip racing is far superior to flashy drift racing, Nakazato is dead set on defeating the AE86 to prove that he is the better racer.Thanks to Itsuki Takeuchi's hasty acceptance of the match on his behalf, Takumi is reluctant to get involved with the challenge and chooses not to race, stating that he is not a racer by any means. Overseeing the dilemma, Takumi's employer goads him into accepting. However, when Takumi returns home to get the AE86, he finds that his father has taken the car out for himself. As he waits for his father's return, Takumi begins to feel his itch to race grow ever more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For weeks, Atsushi Nakajima's orphanage has been plagued by a mystical tiger that only he seems to be unaware of. Suspected to be behind the strange incidents, the 18-year-old is abruptly kicked out of the orphanage and left hungry, homeless, and wandering through the city.While starving on a riverbank, Atsushi saves a rather eccentric man named Osamu Dazai from drowning. Whimsical suicide enthusiast and supernatural detective, Dazai has been investigating the same tiger that has been terrorizing the boy. Together with Dazai's partner Doppo Kunikida, they solve the mystery, but its resolution leaves Atsushi in a tight spot. As various odd events take place, Atsushi is coerced into joining their firm of supernatural investigators, taking on unusual cases the police cannot handle, alongside his numerous enigmatic co-workers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryo Saeba is a "sweeper" know as the City Hunter. He and his sidekick Kaori Makimura are hired to solve problems that the police can't (or won't) handle. When he's not keeping the streets of Tokyo clean, Ryo is chasing the ladies, and Kaori chases after him with a giant anti-ecchi hammer. (Source: ANN)In the faraway village of Haworth, a new chapter in Emma's life has begun. Now employed by the wealthy Molders family, Emma has resolved to put the past behind her. She'll have to adjust to a new house, a charming (but eccentric) new mistress, and a host of fellow servants, some with buried pasts of their own.Meanwhile, back in London, William is doing his best to uphold his father's wishes as the Jones family heir, but try as he might, he can't forget Emma. Yet, whenever he feels at his worst, Eleanor is always there to comfort him with a warm, shy smile. Could the answer to his broken heart be right before his eyes?(Source: RightStuf)After his confrontation in the Nether with his younger brother Shou, Shinra Kusakabe's resolve to become a hero that saves lives from the flame terror strengthens. Finding a way to turn the Infernals back into people, unraveling the mystery of the Evangelist and Adolla Burst, and saving his mother and Shou—these are the goals Shinra has in mind. However, he has come to realize that attaining these goals will not be easy, especially with the imminent danger the Evangelist poses.The Evangelist's plan is clear: to gather the eight pillars—the individuals who possess Adolla Burst—and sacrifice them to recreate the Great Cataclysm from 250 years ago. Having been revealed by the First Pillar that the birth of a new pillar is approaching, Shinra is determined to protect his fellow pillars from the Evangelist. Thus, the fiery battle between the Special Fire Force and the Evangelist ignites. Together with the Special Fire Force, Shinra's fight continues as he uncovers the truth about the Great Cataclysm and the nature of Adolla Bursts, as well as the mysteries behind human combustion. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Nello Daas is a gifted artist residing in a village on the outskirts of Antwerp, Belgium. He earns a living by selling milk in a market in the middle of the city alongside his ailing grandfather. His best friend, Alois Cogez, is the daughter of his callous landlord, who believes that Nello is corrupting his daughter and unbefitting her class. Angered by Alois' closeness to a peasant, her father sends her away to a school in Antwerp to prevent them from meeting again. While continuing his daily market runs, Nello stumbles upon an art contest surrounding the famous Peter Paul Rubens—a Flemish artist he holds in high regard. Not only does the contest offer a monetary prize, but it also comes with the opportunity to study art at a school in the same city Alois is studying. Now with a goal in mind, Nello begins to brainstorm the perfect piece, but a series of adversities threatens to end his dreams prematurely.Yet, through thick and thin, is his loyal dog, Patrasche, whom he saved from the brink of death at the hands of a cruel owner. As Nello endures through various hardships, Patrasche supports him throughout them. Flanders no Inu is a reimagined film that captures the classic story between an innocent boy and his faithful canine best friend as they traverse together until the bitter end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a future to come humanity enjoys a new age of prosperity thanks to Dr. Shizuma's invention of a revolutionary renewable energy source: the Shizuma Drive. But this peace is threatened by Big Fire, a cabal seeking world domination. Against Big Fire the International Police Organisation dispatches a collection of superpowered warriors and martial artists, together with Daisaku Kusama, inheritor and master of Earth's most powerful robot, Giant Robo. By capturing an abnormal Shizuma Drive which is essential to Big Fire's plans the IPO ignites a desperate conflict between the two groups. The coming battle will test Daisaku's resolve to the utmost, reveal the ghastly truth behind the creation of the Shizuma Drive, and bring human civilization to its knees!Giant Robo is a character-driven adventure in a retro-futuristic setting, drawing on influences from opera, kung-fu cinema, wuxia stories and classic mecha anime. It incorporates characters from the works of the manga author Mitsuteru Yokoyama but it is designed to be a stand-alone story.Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA.A legend tells that a long time ago, monsters could give the ability to certain elected officials to master the five elements. But for that, you have to go through the dangerous foggy mountains...We follow the adventures of one of these elected officials.(Source: Nautiljon)After her boyfriend breaks up with her for another girl, college student Akane Kinoshita wrestles with a broken heart and the memories he left behind. Loading up Forest of Savior, the MMO they used to play together, she forms a plan to get back at her ex-boyfriend through an in-person event for the game. In the process, she runs into someone unexpected: Akito Yamada, a gaming legend who just happens to be her guildmate.Desperate for support, Akane ropes the asocial Yamada into helping with her scheme and lending her a shoulder to cry on. The differences between Akane and Yamada soon become apparent as they spend time together, yet they cannot help but notice each other's inner qualities. As the two gain more experience with one another in and out of the game, their tentative acquaintance may level up in a way neither expects.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.It is the Correct Century, two millennia after a devastating conflict which left the world broken. Earth is now mostly uninhabitable, and thus a remnant of humanity has resided on the Moon while the Earth and its few survivors recover. For years, the "Moonrace," the people of the Moon, have continued to check if Earth is fit for resettlement.A boy named Loran Cehack and two others are sent down to Earth for a reconnaissance mission. Loran ends up spending a year on the planet working for the Heim Family, aristocrats living in a Victorian-like society. This family, like others of similar wealthy status, celebrates one's coming of age with a ceremony involving a giant stone statue known as the "White Doll."To Loran's surprise, the Moonrace suddenly touches down on Earth with the intent of taking it by force. During the attack, the White Doll is broken apart, revealing a mobile suit called the "Turn A Gundam" inside. With Loran in its cockpit, the Turn A causes a standoff between the forces of Earth and Moon. The young pilot, along with the people of both sides, must keep the peace and avoid another all-out, catastrophic war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the conclusion of her favorite romance manga, Fuuko Izumo is ready to end her life of misery and loneliness having long accepted her fate of never being able to experience passionate love like fictional characters. Cursed with "unluck," anyone Fuuko touches is in grave danger of experiencing unimaginable calamity.While the possibility of imminent danger would have most sane people run in the opposite direction, Undead has other ideas. He is an immortal being with superhuman regenerative powers desperately seeking death, which has always eluded him. When their paths finally cross, Undead sees an opportunity to finally end his suffering by using Fuuko's unluck.But before Undead can unlock the full potential of Fuuko's power to trigger the final devastating blow, the duo must first fend off a murderous secret organization hell-bent on exterminating those with special abilities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Wan Sheng Jie.In a dying world, there exists an ancient legend: when the world ends, the gateway to paradise will be opened. This utopia is the sole salvation for the remnants of life in this barren land, but the legend also dictates that only wolves can find their way to this mythical realm. Though long thought to be extinct, wolves still exist and live amongst humans, disguising themselves through elaborate illusions. A lone wolf named Kiba finds himself drawn by an intoxicating scent to Freeze City, an impoverished town under the rule of the callous Lord Orkham. Here, Kiba discovers that wolves Hige, Tsume, and Toboe have been drawn in by the same aroma. By following the fragrance of "Lunar Flowers," said to be the key to opening the door to their ideal world, the wolves set off on a journey across desolate landscapes and crumbling cities to find their legendary promised land. However, they are not the only ones seeking paradise, and those with more sinister intentions will do anything in their power to reach it first.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Kanna Kamui's escapade to New York leads her to make a new friend named Chloe, Kanna invites her to Japan to go sightseeing. Following their reunion at the airport, Kanna—accompanied by Kobayashi, Tooru, and other friends—takes Chloe around the attractions of Japan, starting with Akihabara. Expertly guided by Tooru, the group enjoys exploring the city before returning home to meet with Saikawa and continue their adventures.As Chloe's final day in Japan draws near, Kobayashi helps set up a farewell party so everyone can enjoy one last event together before Chloe returns to the United States.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episode 22.5 bundled with BD/DVD volume 8.The episode covers Kuroko's past, when he was part of the "Generation of Miracles." For young witches everywhere, the world-renowned witch Shiny Chariot reigns as the most revered and celebrated role model. But as the girls age, so do their opinions of her—now just the mention of Chariot would get a witch labeled a child. However, undeterred in her blind admiration for Chariot, ordinary girl Atsuko Kagari enrolls into Luna Nova Magical Academy, hoping to someday become just as mesmerizing as her idol.However, the witch academy isn't all the fun and games Atsuko thought it would be: boring lectures, strict teachers, and students who mock Chariot plague the campus. Coupled with her own ineptness in magic, she's seen as little more than a rebel student. But when a chance finally presents itself to prove herself to her peers and teachers, she takes it, and now it's up to her to stop a rampaging dragon before it flattens the entire academy. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The OVA features six separate stories revolving around the cast, some of which border on the bizarre; one of which is an MMORPG environment being played by Konata, Kagami, Tsukasa, and Nanako Kuroi, and another in which Kagami has a "suggestive" dream about Konata.(Source: Wikipedia)Not so long ago, mysterious structures called Dungeons began appearing all over the world. No one knows what they are or how they came to be, but adventurers and armies around the world instantly took interest in them. Thousands set out to explore the Dungeons, but so far, not a single person has returned.In a Parthevian port, a young boy is about to make a name for himself. Sinbad is good-natured, strong, and craving adventure. A kind deed leads to his meeting with Yunan, an enigmatic traveler who is far more powerful than his frivolous personality lets on. Yunan instructs Sinbad to attain the "power of the king" and change the world—by conquering a Dungeon. The eager boy readily accepts, setting out on the grand adventure he so craved.Taking place 15 years before the events of the original series, Magi: Sinbad no Bouken chronicles Sinbad's youth as a Dungeon conqueror. Along the way, the budding adventurer and merchant will have to face many obstacles, but anything is possible with the power of a king.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One foggy morning, a black and white Toyota AE86 flies past Keisuke Takahashi's Mazda RX7 on Mount Akina, making him believe he has seen the ghost of a racer who died on the mountain. Resolving to defeat this phantom, Keisuke mobilizes the Akagi Red Suns to take on the local Akina Speed Stars racing team in an exchange race. He anticipates that the competition will lure the elusive "Ghost of Akina" out into the open and give him the opportunity to exact revenge for his previous defeat. While his friend Itsuki Takeuchi is obsessed with cars and racing, Takumi Fujiwara is not. He fails to understand the "rush" that racers experience and any talk of cars reminds him of the tofu deliveries he makes for his father in an old AE86. His early morning routine takes him up and down Mount Akina, where he has memorized every hairpin, brake point, and turn better than anyone else. When the Akagi team appears one night to challenge the Speed Stars to an exchange race, they accept the challenge only to find out that they are completely outclassed. The only way the Speed Stars can stand a chance against them is if they can get the panda-colored AE86 to join their team. With a bit of coercion, Takumi takes the wheel of the AE86 and heads off to Mount Akina to defend the pride of all racers in Akina.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Violinist Kiyora Miki meets with Shinichi Chiaki, Megumi "Nodame" Noda, and their two friends to visit world-class conductor Franz von Stresemann; upon arriving at his residence in Vienna, they discover that the maestro has escaped to Japan. As they make the most of their wasted trip by visiting important landmarks in the historical capital of classical music, Kiyora has a confession to make: she has not seen her boyfriend Ryuutarou Mine for an entire year and is still busy preparing for an international competition in Paris. Chiaki and Nodame promise to attend the final round, but when the two are back in Paris, they receive an unexpected guest...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to a lack of ambassadors for the recently-conquered worlds the rapidly advancing fleet of the Bebaus brothers leave behind, Lafiel is appointed Territorial Ambassador of the planet Lobnas II. Upon arriving to the planet Jinto and Lafiel discover that the planet was used by the United Mankind as a prison planet and now has a million prisoners on the only inhabited island. The prisoners are parted in three blocks. The western where women are housed, the eastern belongs to the men and the central is mixed under the restriction that all prisoners living there are sterilized. The women in the western sector want to emigrate from the planet of fear for the men and when they do the men in the east rebel, overthrowing the guards and capturing Jinto to try to stop the emigration of the women. At the same time an enemy fleet heads toward the system forcing Lafiel to abandon Jinto.(Source: ANN)The Shadows, characterized by their pitch-black appearance and tendency to emit soot when agitated, are a family of nobles who reside in a colossal manor deep within the mountains far from other humans. When a Shadow child is nearly of-age, they are assigned a Living Doll who acts not only as their attendant but also as their second half—the faces they could have had if not for their complexion.Emilico is a cheerful, newly created Doll who serves a rather soft-spoken master named Kate. Despite their difference in personalities, Emilico does what she can to carry out the needs of her master. As she learns more about her role and duty, Emilico begins to meet her fellow Dolls and their respective masters and comes to know more about the purpose of her existence."Do not fret over trivial matters," says one of the rules by which all Dolls must abide. But how could the ever-curious Emilico do so in the face of the deep secrets that the Shadows House holds?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an emotional breakup with her boyfriend, red panda Retsuko closes herself off to the thought of ever being in love again—well, with an actual person anyway. Retreating into the world of VR, her virtual boyfriend showers her with praise and shows up in cute outfits, albeit for a price.While scrambling to find other ways to earn money, Retsuko finds herself in yet another financial bind after accidentally ramming into a parked van with a rental vehicle. The owner of the van, a gruff cheetah named Hyoudou, recruits her as an accountant for an underground idol group which he manages. Retsuko soon begins to buckle under the pressure from the new job, leading to plenty of inspiration for her next death metal vent sessions.In the midst of it all, Retsuko begins to wonder if she truly desires a colorless and uninteresting life, or if there's something waiting beyond her office desk. Will Retsuko finally come out on top, both in love and in the workplace? Or will she once again be convinced that the dull and sterile life in her office environment is the one she must lead?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Aspiring Orange Company Undine Anya Dostoyevskaya feels dejected upon learning that her gondolier mentor, Alice Carroll, is not spending much time with her own mentor, Athena Glory. Athena—the Undine-turned-opera singer—has been attempting to arrange a meeting with Alice, but the latter seems to be avoiding her for unknown reasons.To try and resolve this predicament, Anya calls upon her fellow Undines Ai Aino and Azusa B. McLaren. As the trio works to bring Alice and Athena together, Anya gains a deeper insight into her seniors' feelings, which might just be the key to untangling the uncertainties between them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Diligent and methodical honor student Eiichirou Maruo decides to exercise more during the little free time he has available because he is worried about his health. For this reason, after seeing a flyer, he joins the Southern Tennis Club at the beginning of his freshman year.During his free trial at the club, he meets Natsu Takasaki, another first year student, who is determined on becoming a professional tennis player due to her love for the sport. In contrast, Eiichirou's study-oriented life exists because he believes that it is what he has to do, not because he enjoys it. However, his monotonous days come to an end as the more he plays tennis, the more he becomes fascinated by it.Baby Steps is the story of a boy who makes the most of his hard-working and perfectionist nature to develop his own unique playing style. Little by little, Eiichirou's skills begin to improve, and he hopes to stand on equal footing with tennis' best players.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second-year high school student Yatora Yaguchi is a delinquent with excellent grades, but is unmotivated to find his true calling in life. Yatora spends his days working hard to maintain his academic standing while hanging out with his equally unambitious friends. However, beneath his carefree demeanor, Yatora does not enjoy either activity and wishes he could find something more fulfilling.While mulling over his predicament, Yatora finds himself staring at a vibrant landscape of Shibuya. Unable to express how he feels about the unusually breathtaking sight, he picks up a paintbrush, hoping his thoughts will be conveyed on canvas. After receiving praise for his work, the joy he feels sends him on a journey to enter the extremely competitive Tokyo University of the Arts—a school that only accepts one in every two hundred applicants.Facing talented peers, a lack of understanding of the fine arts, and struggles to obtain his parents’ approval, Yatora is confronted by much adversity. In the hopes of securing one of the five prestigious spots in his program of choice, Yatora must show that his inexperience does not define him. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth Break Blade Movie.There is no such thing as an uneventful day in the life of kindergartener Shinnosuke "Shin-chan" Nohara. The five-year-old is a cut above the most troublesome, perverted, and shameless kid one can imagine. Shin-chan is almost always engaged in questionable activities such as forgetting about a friend during hide and seek, sumo wrestling for love, performing various gags including the notorious "elephant" in public, and flirting with college girls. The exemplary troublemaker has done it all and has no plans to stop anytime soon.Crayon Shin-chan follows the daily shenanigans of Shin-chan with his group of friends, parading around as the self-proclaimed "Kasukabe Defense Force." The adults witnessing these shenanigans unfold can't help but adore Shin-chan, as he keeps them entertained while unintentionally solving their daily troubles through his mindless antics—leaving himself as the only problem they do not know what to do with.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This movie takes place after the Adventure series ends. It begins when a new Digimon Egg is found on the internet, and manages to penetrate into almost every computer system in Japan. When the egg hatches, it's identified as a new kind of Digimon, a Virus-type. It sustains itself by eating data from various system, and starts wreaking havok in Japan. As it consumes more and more data, it continues to evolve. And Taichi and Koushiro decide it's time to stop it.They're off, sending Agumon and Tentomon through the internet to fight off this new enemy. But, with the Virus controlling systems like the American military, all too soon, this digital menace may become all too real. Calling in the help of Yamato and Takeru, they hope that they can stop what's already begun, and maybe save this world a second time.(Source: AniDB)A live performance by IDOLiSH7, TRIGGER, Re:vale, and ŹOOĻ , 4 groups with different charms, will meet in one place, and the grand live entertainment will begin! (Source: Translated, edited from official website)After diving for an ancient sword in the waters where the battle of Dan-no-ura was fought and the Heike clan fell, Tomona loses both his sight and his father. Left with few options other than learning to play the biwa, Tomona gains enough skill to join a prestigious troupe of storytelling performers and takes the name "Tomoichi." Soon after, Tomoichi meets a strange person who finds joy in terrorizing others with his deformed appearance, but is surprised when the sightless storyteller treats him as an equal. The pair become fast friends and begin performing together after the stranger—who chooses the name "Inu-Ou"—discovers that he is able to hear spirits telling forgotten tales of the Heike clan.Tomoichi changes his name again to Tomoari and uses his music to promote Inu-Ou's underground dance performances, achieving incredible popularity among the masses. However, the brazen and unconventional style they develop challenges traditions that the shogunate values deeply. As the pair's fame continues to increase, they must contend with the forces of tradition that control the society around them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following Inu no Taishou's death, his swords Tenseiga and Tessaiga were passed on to his sons, Sesshoumaru and Inuyasha respectively. However, there exists one more blade. During a visit to his friend Kagome Higurashi in modern times, Inuyasha encounters Sounga—his father's third sword. Found by one of Kagome's ancestors inside the old well that connects the past to the future, Sounga has been kept for years as a treasured artifact at the Higurashi shrine. Nevertheless, it soon reveals itself to harbor an evil spirit with a terrible urge to kill. While struggling to subdue its calamitous nature, Inuyasha manages to bring Sounga back to the feudal era where he must confront his brother Sesshoumaru, who has always desired to possess it. But when they lose track of the sword during their fight, the siblings engage in a fervent competition to find it, still unaware of its secret and the legacy that Inu no Taishou has left for them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a fatal encounter with a truck, Takafumi Takaoka's uncle, Yousuke "Ojisan" Shibazaki, lies comatose for 17 years. When he finally regains consciousness, Ojisan begins to ramble in a foreign tongue and reveals that he had been transported to a magical world called Gran Bahamal. Takafumi dismisses his uncle's claims as nonsense until an incantation makes a cup of water hover in the air. In a flash of brilliance, the pair creates a YouTube channel to showcase Ojisan's magical abilities.The responsibility now falls on Takafumi's shoulders to acquaint Ojisan with everything that has transpired during his absence, including getting him up to speed with the internet, new technology, and surprisingly, the outcome of the '90s console war—the result of which was especially distressing for a hardcore SEGA fan. With Ojisan's wisdom from his other world experiences, they grow their YouTube channel and tackle online comments and trolls. The journey of this uncle-nephew duo promises to be anything but conventional.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Brought up in a conflict-ridden environment, child soldier Jonathan "Jonah" Mar hates weapons and those who deal them. But when Koko Hekmatyar, an international arms dealer, takes on Jonah as one of her bodyguards, he has little choice but to take up arms. Along with Koko's other bodyguards, composed mostly of former special-ops soldiers, Jonah is now tasked with protecting Koko and her overly idealistic goal of world peace from the countless dangers that come from her line of work.Jormungand follows Koko, Jonah, and the rest of crew as they travel the world selling weapons under the international shipping company HCLI. As Koko's work is illegal under international law, she is forced to constantly sidestep both local and international authorities while doing business with armies, private militaries, and militias. With the CIA always hot on her trail, and assassins around every corner, Jonah and the crew must guard Koko and her dream of world peace with their lives or die trying.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Atop a hill overlooking a seaside port sits a boarding house named Coquelicot Manor. Since the building is run by her family, Umi Matsuzaki carries out many of the duties involved in managing the small establishment, such as preparing meals for her fellow boarders. When she isn't at home, she is a student at the local high school—one that is currently dealing with a small crisis.In anticipation of the upcoming Olympic Games, a beloved old clubhouse is set to be demolished to make way for a modern building. As a result, a large part of the student body has banded together, working tirelessly to prevent this from happening. Umi finds herself helping the newspaper club to spread information about this cause where she befriends Shun Kazama, whom she gradually begins to fall in love with. But Shun is an orphan who doesn't know much about his origins, and when the two begin searching for clues to the boy's past, they discover that they may have a lot more in common than either of them could have thought.[Writtten by MAL Rewrite]It has been thirteen years since the Androids began their killing rampage and Son Gohan is the only person fighting back. He takes Bulma's son Trunks as a student and even gives his own life to save Trunks's. Now Trunks must figure out a way to change this apocalyptic future. (Source: ANN) With the threat of the Holy Grail War no longer looming over Fuyuki City, its inhabitants can finally enjoy a time of peace. Now that all of the Masters and Servants have adjusted to their new mundane lives, Shirou has taken it upon himself to cook for his household and show Saber the wonders of modern cuisine. Every day, he ventures into the marketplace to see what kind of different meals he can cook up with unique ingredients and a limited budget. However, his legendary skills often attract uninvited guests from all over the city, so there is never a dull moment at dinner with the Emiya family.As his guests entertain themselves in the living room, Shirou walks through the step-by-step process of creating some of his favorite meals. With delicacies such as his savory New Year soba with shrimp tempura, steamy foil-baked salmon, and cheesy bamboo shoot gratin, everything is up for grabs on his menu. Itadakimasu![Written by MAL Rewrite]Cocoa visits her family, in the mountains, after quite some time again after her sister Mocha wrote her, through a letter, to come back soon. Her friends will have to spend a week in the town without her, while Cocoa has time with her family that she hasn't seen for a long time. But Chino, Cocoa's self proclaimed little sister, wants to go watch, with Cocoa and all her friends, the fireworks in the fireworks festival, which is coming up in less than a week. Cocoa decides to return early as she misses them all, but will she arrive in time for the climax of the festival?(Source: TMDB)The Taira clan, also known as the Heike, holds immense authority over Japan. When a young girl, gifted with an odd eye that allows her to see the future, foolishly disrespects the clan, her father pays the price of her crime with his life. Soon after, as fate would have it, Taira no Shigemori—the eldest son of the clan leader—stumbles upon the same unfortunate girl, who now calls herself "Biwa." Biwa informs him that the downfall of the Heike is imminent. After learning of the great injustice Biwa suffered at the Heike's hands, Shigemori vows to take her in and care for her rather than let her be killed.In an era of rising military tension, the Heike are in the midst of a cunning struggle for power, and bloodstained war is on the horizon. Shigemori, whose eyes allow him to see spirits of the dead, is both anxious and hopeful to prevent his clan's demise. Biwa, however, is reluctant to reveal the future to him and must adapt to her new life filled with both happiness and sorrow in this pivotal chapter in Japanese history.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The long-awaited new work will be screened in theaters as a medium-length animation in the summer of 2023!Along with the summer brass band competition, the ensemble contest, commonly known as "Ancon," is a place where exciting performances are held. The performance of several people in one group has a charm different from that of a competition.In order to participate in the Kyoto prefectural tournament of Ancon, a representative team is selected in the school's preliminary round. However, with over 50 members, the Kitauji High School brass band is facing a variety of problems! Will Kumiko, the newly appointed head of the club, be able to make it through the preliminary rounds?The days of struggle begin.(Source: Official Website, Translated)A vengeful teru teru bozu-like monster called Miden is stealing all of the Cures' magical powers and memories, turning them into helpless infants, barring Nagisa Misumi and Hana Nono. They must help the affected Cures to regain their abilities and fight off this new menace.(Source: Wikipedia)Thirty-six students find themselves and their school building suddenly adrift in a void-like dimension. When supernatural powers awaken in some of them, a sense of detachment begins to divide the group. Despite the student council's attempts to impose order, they clash with the students possessing special abilities, who rebel against their strict control.This conflict leads them to discover that this world has its own set of rules—and following them is necessary for survival. After one of the students decides to take a leap of faith, the school switches dimensions once again. While they deal with the unique challenges and circumstances that each world presents, the students must unravel the mysterious phenomenon and find a way back home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Self-styled pessimist Tamahiko Shima lives alone in the mountains of Chiba after losing the use of his right hand in the same car accident that took his mother's life. Deemed incapable by his father and other wealthy relatives, he has been forced into exile; he experiences idle days of reading and sleepless nights of irrepressible angst. True to the Shimas' famous pride and determined not to disgrace his family, Tamahiko is resigned to his new duty—stay in the mountains and wait for death to put an end to his suffering.However, on one snowy night, Tamahiko's insomnia is interrupted by someone knocking at the door. He then meets the 14-year-old Yuzuki Tachibana, who announces that she has come to be his future wife! Suddenly, Tamahiko remembers his father promising to send him a bride to assist him with impediments to his daily life.Although she was sold as a bride to repay her family's debts, Yuzuki proves to be thoughtful, diligent, and dedicated to Tamahiko. Will the world-weary teenager prove insensitive to the rare breeze of kindness her presence brings to his monotonous existence?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years have passed since the end of the Fourth Great Ninja War. Konohagakure has remained in a state of peace and harmony—until Sixth Hokage Kakashi Hatake notices the moon is dangerously approaching the Earth, posing the threat of planetary ruin.Amidst the grave ordeal, Konoha is invaded by a new evil, Toneri Oosutuski, who suddenly abducts Hinata Hyuuga's little sister Hanabi. Kakashi dispatches a skilled ninja team comprised of Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, Shikamaru Nara, Sai, and Hinata in an effort to rescue Hanabi from the diabolical clutches of Toneri. However, during their mission, the team faces several obstacles that challenge them, foiling their efforts.With her abduction, the relationships the team share with one another are tested, and with the world reaching the brink of destruction, they must race against time to ensure the safety of their planet. Meanwhile, as the battle ensues, Naruto is driven to fight for something greater than he has ever imagined—love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A sinister threat is invading Tokyo: flesh-eating "ghouls" who appear identical to humans and blend into their population. Reserved college student Ken Kaneki buries his nose in books and avoids the news of the growing crisis. However, the appearance of an attractive woman named Rize Kamishiro shatters his solitude when she forwardly asks him on a date.While walking Rize home, Kaneki discovers she isn't as kind as she first appeared, and she has led him on with sinister intent. After a tragic struggle, he later awakens in a hospital to learn his life was saved by transplanting the now deceased Rize's organs into his own body.Kaneki's body begins to change in horrifying ways, and he transforms into a human-ghoul hybrid. As he embarks on his new dreadful journey, Kaneki clings to his humanity in the evolving bloody conflict between society's new monsters and the government agents who hunt them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Childhood friends Tomo Aizawa and Junichirou "Jun" Kubota do everything together, whether it be training or just enjoying a fun day out. Anyone would think that these two are best friends for life. The only issue is that the tomboyish Tomo is in love with Jun, but he regards her like a brother.At the start of their first year of high school, Tomo confesses her feelings to Jun. However, her rough mannerisms and lack of hesitance to throw a punch do nothing to sway Jun's heart. Realizing that he will remain indifferent to her affections unless she does something about it, Tomo must find a way to knock some sense into Jun and open his eyes to what is right in front of him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Tsuki ga Michibiku Isekai Douchuu.Wang Lin is a very smart boy with loving parents. Although he and his parents are shunned by the rest of their relatives, his parents have always held high hopes that he will one day achieve greatness. One day, Wang Lin suddenly gained the chance to walk the path of an immortal but found that he only had mediocre talent at best. Watch Wang Lin as he breaks through his lack of talent and walks the path towards becoming a real immortal!(Source: Xian Ni Wiki)After the events in the city, Haré and family come back to the Jungle. But it is never calm for Haré as he first must deal with an unstable substitute teacher, then with some big news: Weda is pregnant. The answer to how and who will change his family forever. Poor Haré, now has to deal with a father in addition to his drunk mother and Guu, and soon a sibling too.(Source: ANN)In the world of Prester, flight is the dominant mode of transportation, made possible by Claudia Fluid: a liquidized form of the crystals that are produced on the planet. An organization known solely as "the Guild" has absolute authority over the skies, with a monopoly on the engines that make use of this fluid. Moreover, as ecological disasters destabilize the warring countries of Anatoray and Disith, the Guild also arbitrates in the disputes between the two. Caught in the middle of the conflict are Sky Couriers, piloting small, two-person vanships that fly freely through the sky.Last Exile follows the adventures of two teenagers who dream of surpassing their parents: Claus Valca, son of a famous vanship pilot, and Lavie Head, Claus' best friend and navigator. Their job as couriers entails passing through an air current called the Grand Stream that separates the hostile nations, which even standard airships struggle to survive. However, when they take on a high-rated delivery to bring an orphan girl named Alvis Hamilton to the battleship Silvana, they get dragged into a much greater conflict that pits them against the might of the Guild.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Half retelling of the original Frontier series, half new story. Conspiracies arise within the Frontier government when Sheryl Nome arrives to the colonial fleet for her concert and is soon marked as a spy for Galaxy while childhood friends, Alto Saotome and Ranka Lee both try to achieve their dreams as the battle between Frontier and the Vajra draws closer.This movie serves as part one of the Frontier retelling and will conclude with the second, The Wings of Goodbye.Fifteen years ago in a barren stretch of the Pacific, a cruise ship collided with an iceberg and was lost at sea. More than a decade later, Hideto Yashiro—a ship engineer—died in a fatal car accident. The unlikely connection between these events only comes to light on the luxury liner St. Aphrodite during her maiden voyage.Aboard it on a much needed vacation, Kogorou Mouri, his daughter Ran, Conan Edogawa, and the Detective Boys enjoy a trip provided by Sonoko Suzuki's family. But their fun is soon cut short when a game of hide-and-seek leads to Sonoko's disappearance. Some time later, the CEO of the Yashiro group, who built the St. Aphrodite, is found stabbed to death and her father missing. While the police's investigation turns to a dead end, Conan closes in on the culprit. Unwilling to be apprehended, the culprit threatens to blow up the St. Aphrodite and sink all her passengers.As the ship's hull rapidly fills with water, the truth behind the vengeful murders is finally revealed. With no place to escape, Conan and Kogorou must wrestle with the elusive culprit before everyone on board is dragged to the ocean floor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Serial murders involving all kinds have happened. All the victims are from a Music School led by a famous pianist. Conan and company have been invited to a opening concert of the Music Hall built by the pianist. The biggest attraction of this concert is the world famous violin called "Stradivarius" and a special appearance of a singer who has perfect pitch. (Source: ANN)Inspectors Arata Shindou and Mikhail Kei Ignatov have uncovered a dangerous conspiracy. The Sybil System, the ultimate judge of human character in Japan, is being undermined by a criminal syndicate that is amassing wealth and power in the shadows.Now, Bifrost agent Kouichi Azusawa launches a direct assault upon the Criminal Investigation Department (CID) by occupying its headquarters and taking Inspector Shindou and everyone with him hostage. CID Unit 01 supervisor, along with Chief Mika Shimotsuki and former unit members Shinya Kougami and Nobuchika Ginoza, face the task of reclaiming the building and saving everyone inside.Alongside the hostage situation and Azusawa's demands for Tokyo governor Karina Komiya's resignation, there is a sinister plot hatching in the background—a secret plan that will force Inspector Shindou to confront not only Azusawa but also his own past. These events slowly bring him closer to unshrouding the mystery that has eluded him and his best friend, Ignatov, for many years.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After thousands of years of hard work, Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha decide that they have earned a vacation and descend from the heavens to rent a small apartment in Tokyo, Japan. As the pair struggles to live incognito, they enjoy the luxuries of modern society, such as amusement parks, and limited-time store sales. Jesus and Buddha take the time to celebrate each other's holidays, watch the changing of the seasons, and explore their new surroundings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three years ago, a gateway between Earth and the Beyond opened in New York City, trapping extradimensional creatures and humans alike in an impermeable bubble. After the city's restoration, monsters, magic, and madness are common findings in the area now known as Hellsalem's Lot. Leonardo Watch, a young photographer who unwillingly obtained the "All-seeing Eyes of the Gods" in exchange for his sister's eyesight, came to this paranormal city to find answers to the mysterious power that he possesses. He later finds his life drastically changed when he joins Libra, a secret organization of people with supernatural abilities dedicated to maintaining order in the everyday chaos of Hellsalem's Lot. However, this is only the beginning of Leonardo's unexpected journey ahead. Regardless of the constant threat of otherworldly enemies, he is determined to uncover the secrets of his power and find a way to restore his sister's eyesight. Kekkai Sensen & Beyond follows Leonardo as he sets off on more crazy adventures with his comrades, fighting to ensure peace and order.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is year 0079 of the Universal Century. Mankind has moved to space, living in colony clusters known as "Sides." One of these Sides declares itself the "Principality of Zeon" and declares war on the Earth Federation, the governmental body currently ruling Earth. Using powerful humanoid robots known as "mobile suits," Zeon quickly gains the upper hand.Nine months into the conflict, the Earth Federation has developed its own powerful mobile suit called the Gundam. When Zeon launches an attack on the colony holding the Gundam, a 15-year-old civilian named Amuro Ray suddenly finds himself thrown into a conflict that will take him all across Earth and space, pitting him against the enemy's ace pilot, Char Aznable.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After seeing her jump onto a subway at the last second and getting her ankle crushed between the doors, Nishi reconnects with his high school sweetheart, Myon. Nishi is still very much in love with Myon, but is shocked to learn that she is engaged to another man. Nishi agrees to meet Myon's fiancé at her family's Yakitori restaurant, but members of the Yakuza storm the joint and murder Nishi when he tries to stop them from raping Myon.Nishi, now dead, wakes up and meets a constantly shapeshifting god, who mocks him for dying. The god tells Nishi to walk into a portal and disappear from existence, which Nishi rejects, choosing instead to sprint past the god and reanimate. With a new outlook on life and knowledge of how the Yakuza are going to attack him, Nishi kills one of the Yakuza with his own gun, fleeing in a stolen car with Myon and her sister.Acclaimed director Masaaki Yuasa's debut film, Mind Game's constantly shifting visuals tell a story about living one's life without regrets that is unlike any other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A spin-off of Yuru Yuri featuring Sakurako and her sisters.In their former lives, 500 years before Genjyo Sanzo and his crew of misfits began their journey west, they were gods, but being godly didn't make them act any more divine. When Goku flies into a murderous rage after seeing his best friend die, Heaven's had enough and wants him dead! But Konzen Douji, Field Marshal Tenpou, and General Kenren are willing to do anything to protect Goku, even if it means turning all of Heaven against them.(source: Sentai Filmworks)Sakuta Azusagawa's little sister, Kaede, is wrapping up middle school and needs to make an important decision. The school counselor believes it is in Kaede's best interest to attend an online high school, given her history of being a shut-in and her crippling phobia of traditional classrooms. However, Kaede wishes to enroll in Minegahara High School, just like her brother, as she desperately hopes for a typical high school experience. She pleads with Sakuta; his girlfriend, Mai Sakurajima; and Mai's half-sister, Nodoka Toyohama, to help her study for the entrance exam—and they enthusiastically agree. But her envisioned high school life does not unfold as planned. With her unresolved trauma coming to a head, Kaede grapples with the conflict of determining what sort of future path she truly wants to embark upon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is A.C. 196—one year after the conflict between Earth and its nearby space colonies ended with the formation of the Earth Sphere Unified Nation. As mankind enters a new era of unity and prosperity, four of the five Gundam pilots decide to follow in society's footsteps and disarm by launching their mobile suits into the sun. However, their plan is unexpectedly suspended when a rebellion erupts with the emergence of Mariemaia Khushrenada—who claims to be the child of fallen dictator Treize and desires to conquer the world in his stead.Deciding that they are the last line of defense for the Earth Sphere, Heero Yuy, Trowa Barton, Duo Maxwell, and Quatre Raberba Winner scramble to retrieve their Gundams and fight to protect the peace the people of the colonies have pursued for so long. Despite their unwavering resolve to complete one final mission, the battle will be challenging: the pilots' former ally Wufei Chang has pledged his allegiance to Mariemaia's cause instead.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Beastar"—a title awarded to beasts who prove their excellence through fighting inequality to unite carnivores and herbivores in an anthropomorphic animal society. Cherryton Academy has gone five years without one such leader. However, following the murder of an alpaca within the school boundaries, the growing tension between the different species poses a greater need for a Beastar to ensure peace and harmony. When Louis, the prime candidate for this prestigious role, rejects the offer and leaves the academy, the student council declares to honor any student who captures the culprit of the aforementioned murder as Beastar. Meanwhile, Legoshi's sense of duty as a strong wolf who must protect the weak pushes him to investigate the incident. To further complicate his life, he struggles to manage his complex feelings for the white rabbit, Haru.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a rainy day, Ryou Fujibayashi musters up the courage to confess her feelings to Tomoya Okazaki. Despite not knowing each other for long, the two start dating and develop a harmonious relationship. However, tensions begin to rise when a rumor surrounding Tomoya and Ryou's older sister Kyou spreads around school.Navigating through a web of emotions, Tomoya and the Fujibayashi twins determine where their love truly lies—even if it means standing in the downpour of the heartbreaking truth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An OVA summarizing all 25 episodes of season 2.When a group of seven children go to summer camp, the last thing that they expect is snow falling in July. In the confusion that follows this phenomenon, they each receive an odd device that transports them to another world. As soon as they wake up in this new world, they encounter strange creatures who call themselves "Digimon." The Digimon tell them that they've landed in the "Digital World," far from home.With only the Digimon and the "Digivices" as protection, the seven children set off to find their way home and learn the reason why they were brought here. Led by the impulsive Taichi Yagami and his hungry Digimon partner Agumon, this group will have to fight unknown evils as they discover more about this outlandish Digital World.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After his first appearance on the competitive world stage, Haruka is held captive by the swimming of the unmistakable champion, Albert, and feels like he's lost his way. With the current state of things, his swimming and what the water means to him are called into question. Haruka begins to sink to the bottom of the murky water as he struggles on his own.Pushed on by a restless urge in his heart, Haruka purposefully puts himself through a rigorous and intensive training regiment, relentlessly devoting himself to practice. In his heart, Haruka knows that he's pushing himself beyond his limits both physically and mentally. His friends can do nothing but watch over and have faith in him.Memories of Albert's cold, dry swimming keep replaying in his mind.I have to get faster, I have to become stronger.I have to compete against Albert again.Haruka unleashes his stroke to cut through the heavy, indifferent water.His friends draw closer to watch.What scenery will Haruka see at the end of this struggle＊──!(Source: Free! website, Translated)For over a century and a half, two interstellar states have wrested for control of the Milky Way. The Galactic Empire, an absolute monarchy ruled by Kaiser Friedrich IV and an entrenched nobility, seeks to suppress the rebels daring to oppose the inviolable crown. The Free Planets Alliance, a representative democracy led by a corrupt High Council, degenerates as its elected leaders⁠ use war and conflict as a way to win popular support.But this long-standing stalemate between the Empire and the Alliance ends with the rise of two opposing military geniuses. Reinhard von Lohengramm, a minor noble and High Admiral of the Empire through his strategic brilliance and his sister's position as the favored concubine of the Kaiser, dreams of conquering the galaxy and uniting mankind under his iron fist. Meanwhile, Yang Wen-li of the Alliance, an avid historian and reluctant commodore hailed as the Hero of El Facil, uses his tactical prowess to navigate around his leaders' incompetence—and to carve the path to lasting peace. As the war rages on, Reinhard and Yang each strive for their ideals and to secure their place among the stars as the leaders of a new era of galactic heroes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The main character drops out of high school in her second year and aims at entering a university while working alone in Tokyo. A girl is betrayed by her friends and does not know what to do. Another girl is abandoned by her parents and tries to survive in the city by doing part-time jobs. This world lets us down all the time. Nothing goes as planned. But we want something that we can continue to like. We believe there is a place where we belong. That is why we sing.(Source: Official YouTube, edited)Even though studying at a prestigious art school like Yamabuki is hard work, the girls who live at the Hidamari Apartments always manage to squeeze in time for a little fun and exploration. And when they actually get a day off? Watch out world! Yuno, Sae, Hiro, Miyako and new students Nori and Nazuna return to create another masterpiece of life as art, with all new adventures that include swimming, pajama parties, trips to the art museum and even an all-you-can-eat diner courtesy of the landlady! Of course, there’s always a little housework that has to be squeezed in, but with a pinch of resourcefulness and a dash of creativity, even the most onerous of chores can be turned into something magical. (Source: Sentai Filmworks) With Major Motoko Kusanagi missing, Section 9's Batou is assigned to investigate a string of gruesome murders—seemingly at the hands of faulty gynoids, or sex robots. But when a faulty gynoid leaves Batou a cryptic message, he begins to question the cause of their malfunctions. Suspicions of politically motivated murder and an illegal "ghost" quickly crop up, drawing Batou and his partner Togusa into a perilous web of conspiracy.As their investigation goes on, the line between man and machine continues to blur, and reality and perception become indistinguishable. Confronting strange and dangerous foes, Batou and Togusa explore a futuristic world filled with machines and living dolls but utterly devoid of humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In an alternate history, following World War II, civil unrest and terrorism run rampant in a devastated Japan under foreign occupation. During a botched interception of underground munitions being transferred by a terrorist organization, Constable Kazuki Fuse, a soldier in an elite counter-terrorism unit, witnesses the true terror of human nature. He fails to prevent a teenage girl from carrying out a desperate suicide bombing that subsequently causes immense destruction to Tokyo. With mental scars and his competence under question, Fuse is sent back to the military academy for re-evaluation. Unbeknownst to him, he will soon be caught up in a web of government conspiracies that have the power to determine the future of all of Japan.As Fuse treads the fine line between human and beast, he ultimately discovers to which side he truly belongs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of episodes 1-13.The compilation film will recap the anime's 59 episodes from seasons one to three.In the dark underground city of Lux, people live in fear and despair under the rule of various criminal factions. Almost secluded from the surface, the gangs' only interaction with the outer world is their mining operation of "raffia," which is the raison d'être of the city.Available only in Lux, this rare substance is the basis of "texhnolyze" transplants that permit humans to replace parts of their body with cybernetic prostheses. The latter have the particularity not to trigger an immune response in their hosts and the "Class" has the privilege to conduct research on them. This elusive organization, also in charge of the raffia production, delegates its executive authority to a group called Organo led by Keigo Oonishi—a self-righteous man with texhnolyzed legs who is rumored to hear the "voice of the city."The fragile balance of powers in Lux is disturbed when a mysterious visitor named Kazuho Yoshii begins committing a series of crimes that puts the gangs at each other's throats. In the midst of the chaos, new actors emerge: Ichise, an ex-boxer mutilated by Organo and recently texhnolyzed by Eriko "Doc" Kamata; and Ran, a young florist who can see the future. While Lux steadily plunges into insanity, both Ichise and Ran find themselves involved in the greatest crisis the city has ever faced.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episodes of Yuru Yuri Nachuyachumi!Summer vacation is drawing to a close, but the Amusement Club members make the most of the last days. Between outdoor activities in the sun, reminiscing on their recent camping trip, and a sleepover, the members of the Amusement Club, and their classmates in the student council, continue to make summer memories.Yuri no TsuiokuA newspaper article about a vandalized painting catches the eye of William James Moriarty. Recognizing the artist from his childhood days in the slums, he takes his brother Louis with him on a trip to the city of Bath to meet with the artist personally and identify the culprit. However, the person claiming to be the painter is not the man William remembers. Joined by Sherlock Holmes and John H. Watson, William looks for clues in order to find his old friend.Moriarty-ke no KyuujitsuThe Moriarty household faces its biggest crisis to date: hosting a tea party. Mysterious and closed off to the public, the Moriarty home hides an abundance of weapons, research, and other tools used in their underground activities. To keep their secret safe from overly curious—and completely smitten—aristocratic women, the entire team must maximize their skills and protect their base of operations at all costs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the winter of 1995, Mikiya Kokutou passes a young woman during a late night stroll in the snow. Clad in a striking white kimono and bearing an enigmatic gaze, Shiki Ryougi smiles at Mikiya who stares back with curiosity. Later that spring, Mikiya notices Shiki at his high school entrance ceremony, and they become acquaintances through lunchtime conversations. As Shiki begins opening up to him, Mikiya learns about her unique upbringing.Meanwhile, a series of unprecedented murders takes place across Mifune City. Seemingly related, these murders are particularly brutal and warrant a large scale police investigation. Because of his cousin's work as a police investigator, Mikiya is given insight into the investigation. Concerned for Shiki's safety, Mikiya decides to monitor her actions, but in doing so, he stumbles upon a truly frightening discovery that changes his life forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Otonokizaka High School has been saved! Despite having to withdraw from the Love Live!, the efforts of μ's were able to garner enough interest in their school to prevent it from being shut down. What more, following the conclusion of the first, a second Love Live! is announced, this time on an even larger stage than before. Given a chance for redemption, the nine girls come together once more to sing their hearts out and claim victory.However, with the end of the school year approaching, the graduation of the third years draws near. As they attempt to reach the top of the Love Live!, they must also consider their future and choose what path the group will take. Though the question of whether to continue without the third years or disband weighs heavily on the minds of its members, μ's must quickly come to an answer with graduation right around the corner.Love Live! School Idol Project 2nd Season continues the story of the girls as they laugh, cry, sing, and dance in their journey to determine the future of their group and conquer the Love Live! in their last chance to win with all nine girls together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Many people are falling prey to a suspicious new religion. Lupin III infiltrates this group, hoping to steal the treasure their leader keeps hidden. There he lays eyes on the beautiful, bewitching woman who has the leader enthralled. This is the story of how fashionable female thief Fujiko Mine first met Lupin III, the greatest thief of his generation.(Source: ANN)Magic is not real—everyone knows that. When performed by a true expert, however, magic possesses the ability to amaze and wonder its audience. Kaito Kuroba, son of world-famous stage magician Touichi Kuroba, is no stranger to this fact. Well-versed in the arts of deception and misdirection, Kaito frequently disrupts the lives of those around him with flashy tricks and pranks. But when Kaito accidentally stumbles upon a hidden passage in his home, he discovers a secret that may well have been the cause of his father's death eight years ago—the dove-white outfit of Kid the Phantom Thief. Wanting to find out more about his father, Kaito dons the outfit and searches for the Pandora Gem that is said to grant immortality. However, he is not the only one after the gem—the organization responsible for his father's death is also hot on his tail!Magic Kaito follows the rebirth of Kaitou Kid, phantom thief of the night. Utilizing his dummies, disguises, and signature card gun, Kaito sets out to steal the world's most precious jewels, uncovering the truth behind his father's death and the rumored Pandora Gem along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Taichi Keaton is a man of many talents: father, historian, frequent traveler, negotiator, archaeologist, former survival instructor, and all while working as an insurance investigator for Lloyd's of London. While his methods may seem a bit unorthodox, he gets the job done when needed, but not without a little something to learn or teach in the process. Through all of his adventures, some people call him a quack. Those who know him well call him a master of life...  (Source: ANN)Osamu and Youko Sonoyama want more than anything to adopt every child from Soramame House, but the wealthy couple can only pick one due to their increasingly old age. While they contemplate this delicate decision, one child's alluring beauty and gentle soul instantly draw them in. Two months later, the Sonoyamas welcome 13-year-old Hitori into their warm and loving home.However, Hitori's humble and overly polite exterior is merely a masquerade. In reality, Hitori is a carefully crafted character played by identical twins Migi and Dali. For them, being the ideal child of this kind couple is merely a stepping stone to infiltrating a certain quiet town. While dutifully protecting their cover, the twins work toward their true objective: to discover the truth behind a past incident that left them with a burning desire for vengeance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The members of the Gourmet Guild—Yuuki, Kokkoro, Pecorine, and Karyl—continue to scour the world in pursuit of their goal to seek out all delicious food in existence. However, as their adventures progress, the mysteries behind Yuuki's memories, Karyl's allegiance, and Pecorine's heritage begin to come together—seemingly forming the truth that makes up the world's very foundation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ranma Saotome is a top-class martial artist and prodigy at the Saotome "Anything-Goes" school of martial arts. While training in China, he and his father meet a terrible fate when they accidentally fall into a cursed spring. Now, Ranma is cursed to turn into a girl when splashed with cold water, and only hot water can turn him back into a boy.Things are only complicated further when Ranma discovers that his father has arranged for him to marry one of Soun Tendo's three daughters in order to secure the future of the Tendo dojo. Though Soun learns of Ranma's predicament, he is still determined to go ahead with the engagement, and chooses his youngest daughter Akane, who happens to be a skilled martial artist herself and is notorious for hating men.Ranma ½ follows the hilarious adventures of Ranma and Akane as they encounter various opponents, meet new love interests, and find different ways to make each other angry, all while their engagement hangs over their head.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Masanosuke "Masa" Akitsu is a wandering ronin adrift in Japan's peaceful Edo period. Despite being a skilled swordsman, Masa's meek personality has netted him the label "unreliable," and he is often abruptly dismissed by his employers, leading him to question his resolve as a samurai. As Masa reaches his lowest point, he is approached by Yaichi, a carefree man draped in pink who seemingly hires him on a whim as his bodyguard. Unbeknownst to Masa, the job is not as innocent as it seems, and he is drawn into the illicit activities of the group spearheaded by Yaichi. As he becomes further entwined with the gang known as the Five Leaves, Masa struggles with his own principles. Still, his curiosity spurs him forward to uncover the past and motivations of this mysterious band of outlaws.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Usagi Tsukino is still struggling to balance her home life with the duties of being Sailor Moon, the guardian of love and justice. Along with the other Sailor Guardians and her boyfriend Mamoru Chiba, they begin investigating cases of students from Mugen Academy, a school for the most elite students, who are being transformed into monsters. During the investigation, they meet three strange individuals: Haruka Tenou, a handsome racecar driver; Michiru Kaiou, a talented violinist; and Hotaru Tomoe, a mysterious girl with a weak constitution.As more incidents occur, the Sailor Guardians are met with another surprise—the appearance of two new planetary protectors with motives of their own. Despite the newcomers' questionable allegiance to Usagi and her comrades, they all face a threat from a common enemy: an evil entity who calls himself Pharaoh 90.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third Break Blade movie.Despite the numerous challenges he has overcome so far, Shidou Itsuka's mission with Ratatoskr is far from over. In a departure from his daily routine, Shidou encounters a starving woman lying on the street and ends up helping her. After the two arrive at her apartment, the woman introduces herself as Nia Honjou—a popular manga artist working under a pen name. However, cutting straight to the chase, Nia reveals that she is also a Spirit and is aware of Shidou's secret operation.Interested in seeing his charisma firsthand, Nia challenges Shidou to win her over on a date. As he strives for an opportunity to seal her powers, Shidou learns more about Nia and her history with Deus Ex Machina Industries, a name he is all too familiar with...[Written by MAL Rewrite]The anime special celebrates the 20th anniversary of Gosho Aoyama's original manga, and it recounts a previously untold story from Conan's past.(Source: ANN)With a new year comes new adventures, especially at the Rabbit House! Since her arrival at the café, Kokoa Hoto has become accustomed to her new life as a waitress even though the Rabbit House isn't the rabbit paradise she initially envisioned it to be. Life is pleasant, and she enjoys spending time both working and playing with her friends and fellow waitresses Chino Kafuu, a cute middle school student with a fuzzy bunny companion named Tippy, and Rize Tedeza, the pig-tailed daughter of a soldier who is readily armed for any scenario.Together with Chiya Ujimatsu and Sharo Kirima, who also work at neighboring cafés in town, the Rabbit House crew gets involved in all sorts of crazy adventures. Throughout these adventures, the girls encounter troubled novelists, rival cafes, secret treasure, and... alcoholic chocolates?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 1945, World War II is at its peak. As Japanese cities are fire-bombed and the nation is cornered by US forces, Japan is collapsing under the immense pressure. Gen Nakaoka, a bold, free-spirited young boy, lives in Hiroshima. Struggling with wartime scarcity and barely making ends meet, Gen and his family are hopeful that the conflict will soon end with Japan's imminent defeat and their city unscathed.However, unbeknownst to them, their fate is already sealed with the impending dropping of "Little Boy," the US atomic bomb set to cause the devastating cataclysm that will forever change Japanese society.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Right before the volleyball club's training camp in Tokyo, both Shouyou Hinata and Tobio Kageyama fail a final exam. As the make-up exams and the trip overlap, the boys plead their desperate case to the vice principal to no avail. Since their indispensable teammates are forced to stay behind to study, the club's members find different ways to help them pass and join the camp in time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A new year signifies a new beginning, and that seems to be the case for Kitauji High School’s concert band. Following the graduation of the third-year seniors comes the entrance of the first-year juniors. The band members put in their utmost effort in practicing for their goal—to enter nationals.The now second-year Kumiko Oumae, along with her friends, is met with the new and quirky batch of first-years, resulting in friction and conflict between the band members. However, as time passes, their inner feelings slowly unravel, but not every conflict is as easy to solve as the other. The trust and bonds between the band members will be challenged as they push forward for their regionals.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Hell is a bureaucracy, and business is running smoother than ever thanks to the demonic efficiency of Hoozuki, chief deputy to Lord Enma, the King of Hell. Whether offering counsel to the Momotarou of Japanese folklore or receiving diplomatic missions from the Judeo-Christian Hell, the demon who runs the show from behind the king's imposing shadow is ready to beat down any challenges coming his way into a bloody pulp. Metaphorically, of course...The poster boy for micromanagement and armed with negotiation skills worthy of Wall Street, Hoozuki no Reitetsu follows the sadistic and level-headed Hoozuki as he spends his days troubleshooting hell. With an abundance of familiar faces from popular Japanese legends and East Asian mythology working middle management positions, this referential and anachronistic dark comedy brings new meaning to the phrase "employer liability." Just how hard could it be to manage employees from hell, anyway?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although her name means "snow white," Shirayuki is a cheerful, red-haired girl living in the country of Tanbarun who works diligently as an apothecary at her herbal shop. Her life changes drastically when she is noticed by the silly prince of Tanbarun, Prince Raji, who then tries to force her to become his concubine. Unwilling to give up her freedom, Shirayuki cuts her long red hair and escapes into the forest, where she is rescued from Raji by Zen Wistalia, the second prince of a neighboring country, and his two aides. Hoping to repay her debt to the trio someday, Shirayuki sets her sights on pursuing a career as the court herbalist in Zen's country, Clarines.Akagami no Shirayuki-hime depicts Shirayuki's journey toward a new life at the royal palace of Clarines, as well as Zen's endeavor to become a prince worthy of his title. As loyal friendships are forged and deadly enemies formed, Shirayuki and Zen slowly learn to support each other as they walk their own paths.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the conclusion of the Sakura Card Arc, life is going back to normal. There are no more mysteries, no more disturbances of evil, no more tests of strength. Everyone is moving on with their lives and Sakura feels a sadness in her heart. Even through the goodbyes, Sakura perseveres to keep everyone and a special someone, dear to her heart.Dr. Saotome returns from the dead after being seemingly murdered by Getter pilot Nagare Ryoma and threatens the world with his ultimate creation: the Shin Dragon. Ryoma reluctantly teams up with his former co-pilots Jin Hayato and Tomoe Mushashi to combat Dr. Saotome. The pilots must also deal with the mysterious Invaders, aliens that have the ability to possess humans and warp their flesh to form hideous creatures.(Source: Nihon Review)Ryo Saeba is back as the City Hunter, a "sweeper" (private detective) working on the streets of Tokyo. He and sidekick Kaori Makimura are hired to solve the problems of desperate people. When Ryo is not using his sharp shooting skills against bad guys, he's aiming his sites on pretty ladies. Kaori uses a giant anti-ecchi hammer to make sure he behaves. (Source: ANN)The first episode of "season" one was pre-aired on the Fate Project New Year's Eve TV Special 2020 program. After battling their way through all seven Singularities, the Chaldea Security Organization has finally arrived at the endpoint of the Grand Order: The Final Singularity, Grand Temple of Time: Solomon. Now is the time to defeat the root of all evil, Solomon, the King of Mages. Now is the time to reclaim the future. With the final operation looming large, Romani Archaman considers the choices he will soon have to make, Mash Kyrielight dwells on life's limitations, and Fujimaru prepares to receive a new Mystic Code. All their many encounters have led to this moment as Fujimaru and Mash at last embark on their final operation...(Source: anime.fate-go.us)While at school, Mai Taniyama and her friends like to exchange ghost stories. Apparently, there is an abandoned school building on their campus that is the center of many ghost stories. During the story, they are interrupted by a mysterious male figure. The person turns out to be Kazuya Shibuya, a 17-year-old who is president of the Shibuya Psychic Research Company. He was called by the principal to investigate the stories surrounding the abandoned school building.The next day, on the way to school, Mai passes the school building in question. While examining a strange camera she spotted inside, she gets surprised by Kazuya's assistant. Unknowingly interfering with the investigation, Mai breaks the camera and Kazuya's assistant gets injured.Kazuya forcefully hires Mai in order to pay for the camera and replace his injured assistant. From that point on, Mai begins to learn about the paranormal world and the profession of ghost hunting.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chino Kafuu returns to Rabbit House with a horrified look on her face. When questioned by her friends, she explains to them that she had just agreed to sing the solo section of a song for her class’ graduation ceremony. Although they congratulate their friend on her important role, Chino reveals that she has stage fright, but is determined to overcome it before the ceremony takes place.With the support of her friends and special training from Rize Tedeza, will Chino be able to overcome her stage fright?Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka??: Sing for You is a wholesome and heart-warming short story featuring Chino and the other girls from the cafe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 1991, and arcade video games are the latest craze. Becoming a professional gamer is a far-fetched dream in an industry that has yet to spread its influence. Yet, that is the path sixth-grader Haruo Yaguchi wants to pursue. His aptitude for video games has earned him respect in local arcades and bestowed him with confidence and pride, both of which are shattered when fellow classmate Akira Oono easily defeats him in Street Fighter 2.Akira is rich, pretty, and smart—as close as can be to a perfect girl. But Haruo had never cared about these things as, despite his multiple shortcomings as a person, his supremacy in video games was, in his mind, undisputed. So, now that someone has appeared who can rival him, part of Haruo cannot help but loathe her. Another part, however, itches for somebody who can compete with him on equal terms, and Akira is more than capable.[Written by MAL Rewrite]1532. Esteban, age 12 is a foundling from Barcelona, with a mysterious power of ordering the Sun to appear, for which he is called "Child of the Sun." Upon the death of his adoptive father, Esteban learns he was rescued as a baby from a sinking ship in the ocean. The mysterious medallion that Esteban wears since ever has a trace somewhere in the New World, probably coming from the Mysterious Cities of Gold. Esteban leaves Spain to find his parents and find out who he is. On the way he meets Zia, an Inca girl who was kidnapped from her people years back and has exactly the same medallion as him. Later on, they are joined by Tao, a young Galapagos robinson, the last descendant of the Empire of Heva, an Empire said to have built the Cities of Gold. Following Coyolite, the shining star represented on their medallions, the three children travel through the unexplored New World, searching for the Cities of Gold, believing that this way is leading them to their lost parents.(Source: ANN)Not much is notable about the lecherous Ataru Moroboshi, but his extraordinary bad luck sticks out like the horns in an alien's head. When Earth is threatened by a fleet of alien invaders known as the Oni, Ataru is selected to represent humanity in a duel against one of them. It is a stroke of rare luck for Ataru that the duel is in fact a game of tag, and that his opponent is Lum, daughter of the Oni's leader, who places her personal dignity above victory—as Ataru finds out by seizing Lum's bikini top and with it, victory.However, misfortune kicks in again when Lum mistakes Ataru's promise to marry his girlfriend, Shinobu Miyake, as the desire to wed Lum herself, and decides she rather likes the idea. Wielding her influence as an alien princess, she moves in with him. Forced to deal with the consequences of his womanizing ways, Ataru must balance his crumbling relationship with Shinobu while keeping Lum happy, all the while flirting with every woman he meets.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Urusei Yatsura (2022).Misery seems everlasting in Miyo Saimori's life. Born from an arranged marriage, she was quickly discarded after her mother's tragic death. Her father remarried, and her younger half-sister Kaya received all the affection, while Miyo was degraded to a lowly servant. Lacking the strength to fight against her family's abuse, Miyo loses hope that her luck will ever turn.Unexpectedly, Miyo's father summons her to deliver surprising news: she is to marry Kiyoka Kudou, the head of the distinguished Kudou family. Despite his noble background, Kiyoka is known to be a callous man who has thus far dismissed all of his former fiancées.Upon arriving at the Kudou household, Miyo expects coarse treatment and to be tossed aside. However, contrary to her assumptions, Kiyoka shows her the kindness and love that she has desperately needed. Marrying Kiyoka may be Miyo's one chance to break free from her neglectful family and embrace a life of happiness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A new Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei OVA.Due to a mysterious disease, the genius Iria Akagami has been forced by her family to stay in a mansion on the isolated Wet Crow's Feather Island with only a handful of maids. To keep herself entertained, Iria invites a variety of fellow geniuses to stay as guests in her home, including computer savant Tomo Kunagisa and her unnamed assistant, skilled fortune-teller Maki Himena, famous artist Kanami Ibuki, academic scholar Akane Sonoyama, and renowned cook Yayoi Sashirono.These visits progress as normal until one of the guests is found gruesomely murdered in the night without a single clue as to the identity of the killer or a possible motive. Tensions rise between those on the island as the killer remains at large, and Tomo's assistant takes it upon himself to uncover the culprit's identity before the murderous events progress any further.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tooru Kirishima's notoriety is spread far and wide in the underworld. He is most commonly known as "The Demon of Sakuragi"—a man who is not afraid to resort to violence if deemed necessary. After almost jeopardizing a peace treaty, his boss tasks him with the most difficult job he has ever had: taking care of seven-year-old Yaeka Sakuragi—the boss' precious daughter—so that Tooru understands what it means to be responsible for another life.At first, the two do not seem to meet eye to eye, as Tooru has no clue on how to communicate with Yaeka, and the young girl is not used to expressing her emotions. However, as time goes on, they come to understand each other despite their differences. The fearsome right-hand man of a yakuza boss and the child he must protect are about to learn that family is not always bound by blood.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a country called Vesparand, a new mineral with super stealth properties has been discovered which attracts Lupin's attention. At the same time the untimely deaths of Queen Sakura and her son, Prince Gill, leave Princess Mira next in succession to the throne. During a trip to Japan, Princess Mira finds her double in Ran and takes the opportunity to trade places, which ends with Ran being spirited away to Vesparand with Conan, Zenigata, Kogoro Mouri, Lupin and Fujiko in tow. There they meet a waiting Jigen and solve the mystery of the deaths of the Queen and Prince.(Source: ANN) Yumi and the Yamayuri Council have found two new helpers in Kanako and Toko. Unfortunately, their assistance comes with tension, as neither girl is particularly fond of the other and both seem likely candidates to be Yumi's petite soeur. Will either be a good fit for Yumi? As the school year marches on, the work for the Yamayuri Council piles up, and pressure begins to mount for Yumi to make her final decision.(Source: RightStuf)Japan is about to celebrate the world's largest sports festival, "WSG-World Sports Games", in Tokyo. In line with the opening ceremony, it is announced that the world's first "Vacuum Superconducting Linear" train, boasting a maximum speed of 1,000 km/h which combined all of Japan's technologies, will be opened to the public between Shin-Nagoya Station and Shibahama Station and established in Tokyo. As the world's attention is garnered, an incident occurs at a party venue where famous tournament sponsors are gathered, leading to an abnormal situation where top dogs of companies are kidnapped one after another. Behind the scenes are Shuichi Akai who monitors the incident, and the FBI who waits for orders from Akai.Conan's reasoning reveals the relevance of the apocalyptic WSG kidnapping incident that occurred in Boston, USA, fifteen years ago, and that the incident was also under the jurisdiction of the FBI. Is this a coincidence? What is going to happen in Japan, where many types of people from all over the world are gathered?(Source: Detective Conan World)In this entirely new story produced specifically for the DVD, Conan leads a group of young detectives against the phantom thief Kaitou Kid, who has his eyes set on a jewel at a hotel on an isolated island.(Source: ANN)"If you are a pirate among pirates among pirates among pirates, then gather your steadfast crew of friends and set sail for our island." Upon finding an advertisement with these words on it for Omatsuri Island, the only recreational resort on the Grand Line, Monkey D. Luffy and his Straw Hat Crew set out for it immediately.Enticed by the island's casinos, spas, beautiful women, and exquisite cuisine, the crew are eager to relax and enjoy themselves. Much to their disappointment though, they are told upon arrival that they will first have to pass Baron Omatsuri's "Ordeals of Hell." Once they complete this series of challenges, they will be able to enjoy the resort.However, problems begin to surface the longer they stay on the island. As strange events continue to unfold, the Straw Hat Crew find themselves at odds with one another, disagreeing at every turn. Will the Straw Hat Crew be able to figure out the truth behind Omatsuri Island, or will they fall apart from infighting first?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ainz Ooal Gown, the undead sorcerer formerly known as Momonga, has accepted his place in this new world. Though it bears similarities to his beloved virtual reality game Yggdrasil, it still holds many mysteries which he intends to uncover, by utilizing his power as ruler of the Great Tomb of Nazarick. However, ever since the disastrous brainwashing of one of his subordinates, Ainz has become wary of the impending dangers of the Slane Theocracy, as well as the possible existence of other former Yggdrasil players. Meanwhile, Albedo, Demiurge and the rest of Ainz's loyal guardians set out to prepare for the next step in their campaign: Nazarick's first war…Overlord II picks up immediately after its prequel, continuing the story of Ainz Ooal Gown, his eclectic army of human-hating guardians, and the many hapless humans affected by the Overlord's arrival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After finally completing the first route of his visual novel, Blessing Software's producer Tomoya Aki is optimistic about the future of his team and achieving their goal of creating the best game of the season.However, they still have a long way to go. For one, Megumi Katou still has an incredibly flat personality and is unable to fit the role of Tomoya's ideal heroine. The other members of Blessing Software, Eriri Spencer Sawamura, Utaha Kasumigaoka, and Michiru Hyoudou, often forget she is even there due to her lack of presence and character. Throughout the development of their game, Blessing Software learns the struggles of working in an industry where deadlines must be met and edits are made constantly, and the hardships of working in a group setting.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In ancient times, a group of young men devoted their lives to protecting Athena, the Goddess of Wisdom and War. These men were capable of fighting without weapons—a swing of their fist alone was powerful enough to rip the very sky apart and shatter the earth beneath them. These brave heroes became known as Saints, as they could summon up the power of the Cosmos from within themselves.Now, in present day, a new generation of Saints is about to come forth. The young and spirited Seiya is fighting a tough battle for the Sacred Armor of Pegasus, and he isn't about to let anyone get in the way of him and his prize. Six years of hard work and training pay off with his victory and new title as one of Athena's Saints.But Seiya's endeavor doesn't end there. In fact, plenty of perils and dangerous enemies face him and the rest of the Saints throughout the series. What new quests await the heroes of the epic Saint Seiya saga?Seiya and the rest of the Bronze and Gold Saints who have survived the Sanctuary battle have entered the world of the Dead. They are fighting to get to Hades and defeat him. (Source: ANN)Animated short with an original story that was screened alongside "Sekaiichi Hatsukoi Movie: Yokozawa Takafumi no Baai."As the epidemic terrorizes the quiet secluded village of Sotoba, three women have found themselves amidst the escalating crisis. Nao Yasumori is tormented by visions of the deceased; Kanami Yano must keep a secret at risk of losing a loved one; and Motoko Maeda goes through insurmountable grief as the mysterious illness spreads throughout her family. With rising tensions testing the limits of family relationships, even the smallest of mistakes can easily sever the ties that bind .[Written by MAL Rewrite]The One Year War comes to a close, as the Zeon forces now retreat back into space. Amuro learns much more of his Newtype abilities and tries to use them the best way he can. He's pushed to his limit as he encounters the infamous Char Aznable once again. He also falls in love with a mysterious woman named Lalah Sune, who knows the full potential of the Newtype abilities. The greatest battle is about to begin, as many loved ones fall to the power of war. Can the Earth Federation defeat the Principality of Zeon? Or will they fail? Can Char prove that he's the better Newtype than Amuro? They all will be answered now...(Source: Otakufreakmk2)In the year Cosmic Era 0071, the space colony Heliopolis remains neutral in the great war raging across the galaxy between Coordinators, human beings whose biological traits have been altered before birth, and Naturals, unaltered people who remain on the planet Earth. The Naturals' deep hatred of the Coordinators drove the advanced beings into space, seeking shelter in man-made colonies.Kira Yamato is a Coordinator and university student on Heliopolis, when his life is thrown into disarray as ZAFT, the military organization composed of rebellious Coordinators, attacks the colony in an effort to steal a set of five state-of-the-art military mobile suits known as Gundams.While ZAFT manages to make off with four of the mobile suits, Kira take control of the final Gundam, the Strike. Surviving the battle, Kira and his college friends join the crew of the Archangel, a ship run by the Earth Alliance, and the young soldiers experience the horrors of war and the loss that comes with it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seirin High School's quarterfinal opponent in the Winter Cup is the highly defensive Yousen High School. Much of their "Shield of Aegis" defense is thanks to Atsushi Murasakibara, one of Tetsuya Kuroko's former "Generation of Miracles" teammates, and Tatsuya Himuro, a skilled player who has a history with Taiga Kagami.Unable to settle their previous score, Kagami and Himuro resolve to use this high-stakes match to determine the superior player. At the same time, Kuroko's past gripes with his former teammate make the atmosphere on the court even more intense.If they manage to make it past Yousen, Seirin's old rivals at Kaijou High await them in the semifinals, including another of Kuroko's former teammates, Ryouta Kise. Figuring out how to dismantle Kise's "Perfect Copy" will be the key to Seirin's victory, but this may be a tall order when they realize that Kaijou's star has learned to copy the other Miracles' playstyles.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga, included with the BD/DVD release of Kuroko no Basket: Last Game.You can tell witch training is not going swimmingly for the young sorceresses Akko, Lotte, and Sucy—they face expulsion for screwing up one class too many, and their only way out is if they successfully organize their academy's annual parade through a nearby town. But when they stumble upon the momentous discovery that the objective of the parade is to humiliate witches and commemorate their past subjugation, Akko decides it is time for a change: It is time to show the world how fantastic modern witches truly are! However, with the other girls struggling to keep up with Akko's grandiose ambitions, and everything from mischievous boys to slumbering giants getting in their way, maybe pulling it off will require not only all the magical prowess the pupils of Luna Nova Magical Academy can muster, but also a miracle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lucky☆Star follows the daily lives of four cute high school girls—Konata Izumi, the lazy otaku; the Hiiragi twins, Tsukasa and Kagami (sugar and spice, respectively); and the smart and well-mannered Miyuki Takara.As they go about their lives at school and beyond, they develop their eccentric and lively friendship and making humorous observations about the world around them. Be it Japanese tradition, the intricacies of otaku culture, academics, or the correct way of preparing and eating various foods—no subject is safe from their musings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Apprentice mage Chise Hatori is invited to enroll at the College, a prestigious learning institution for sorcerers, to examine and look for a way to remove the curses she bears. Despite the reluctance of her groom, Elias Ainsworth, Chise accepts the proposal, as she believes attending the school might help her minimize her self-sacrificing tendencies.From the get-go, Chise grabs the attention of her classmates and professors alike, who have never seen a mage in action before. However, there is a sinister plot brewing behind the College's back, and the young mage will have to determine who is friend or foe in order to put a stop to it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourteen-year-old Iruma Suzuki has been unfortunate all his life, having to work to earn money for his irresponsible parents despite being underage. One day, he finds out that his parents sold him to the demon Sullivan. However, Iruma's worries about what will become of him are soon relieved, for Sullivan merely wants a grandchild, pampering him and making him attend the demon school Babyls. At first, Iruma tries to keep a low profile in fear of his peers discovering that he is human. Unfortunately, this ends up being more difficult than he expected. It turns out that Sullivan himself is the chairman of the school, and everyone expects him to become the next Demon King!Iruma immediately finds himself in an outrageous situation when he has to chant a forbidden spell in front of the entire school. With this, Iruma instantly earns a reputation he does not want. Even so, he is bound to be roped into more bizarre circumstances.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set in the 22nd century where space travel, planet colonization and anti-gravity basketball are practically everyday things. Planet Earth has become uninhabitable, and therefore people live in colonies on the surrounding planets. On a school field trip, a mistake causes the protagonist, a young transfer student named Luna, her pet robot, and six of her classmates to be thrown through a gravity storm and crash land on a seemingly uninhabited planet. There, with Luna as their leader, the robot cat Chako, the lone wolf Kaoru, the spoiled rich boy Howard, the shy Sharla, the obedient Bell, the prideful musician Menori and the young genius Shingo must fight for their survival. But is the planet really uninhabited, or is there someone or something out there, waiting in the shadows?(Source: Wikipedia)The journey of Satoshi and his friends through the Kalos region continues! After Satoshi obtains his seventh gym badge, the group is moving toward the next town when Eureka discovers a mysterious Pokémon resting in her pochette. Soon given the name Puni-chan, it is one that even Satoshi and Serena's new Pokémon Zukan cannot identify. However, it quickly becomes apparent that Puni-chan is the target of a mysterious group clad in bright red suits known as Team Flare, aiming to capture the new Pokémon to further their agenda. But when Satoshi and the gang realize that the enigmatic organization has no intention of treating Puni-chan with any decency, they take a stand in opposition to Team Flare's plans, daring to fight back.With Gojika's predictions looming above them, Satoshi aims for his final gym badge while Serena contests for her last Princess Key in order to be able to compete at the TriPokalon Master Class. But as Team Flare begins to move in search of the mysterious Z, the stories of Pokemon XY and Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution cross paths as Satoshi and his friends, along with Team Rocket, get caught up in a scheme that could put Kalos in great danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Taking place in the past it offers a view at the Saiyuuki quartet before their formation and their journey to the west. First OVA starts with Sanzo and his master, also with Ukoku (known as a later Ni Jianyi). Second OVA shows first meeting of Goku and Sanzo. Third OVA considers the events after Hakkai's sins and his trial (that we know from first season of "Saiyuuki") and his decision to live in Gojyo's house.It is the start of Takatoshi Tsuda's second year as the put-upon vice president of the student council and his sister Kotomi is entering school as a first year. New friends and double entendres are made.(Source: ANN)A battle is about to begin in Tokyo: the Shaman Fight, a tournament held every five hundred years where shaman—those who can command spirits—confront each other in combat. The victor of this contest becomes the Shaman King and the only one who is able to contact and control the Great Spirit, allowing them to reshape the world as they please through its immense power.During a late night walk, Manta Oyamada runs into his classmate, the carefree You Asakura, who invites him to come stargazing with some friends, who, to Manta's horror, turn out to be ghosts from a local cemetery! However, the knowledge that Manta possesses—a rare sixth sense that allows Manta to see these spirits—endears the boy to You. So when You finds out that his new comrade has been beaten up by a local gang, he decides to avenge him with the help of Amidamaru, a samurai ghost whose tomb was broken by the gang leader. Soon Manta uncovers more about the world of spirits, including the Shaman Fight, in which his new friend You aims to claim victory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mini anime series featuring the girls from Girls Band Party!The second season of the mini series starring the girls of BanG Dream!To reach the stage of "FES.", Yukina Minato decides to form a band. Each holding their own convictions, the members of the band come together. The five girls now begin their journey to the top as Roselia... This is the story of their "promise" made to each other, from the start of the band to their challenge towards FUTURE WORLD FES!(Source: Official Site)The threat of the Dead Moon Circus still looms over Usagi Tsukino and the Sailor Guardians. Driven into a corner, the Earth plunges further into darkness as nightmares continue to spread. The Outer Sailor Guardians sense that something is amiss when the young Hotaru Tomoe begins to rapidly age following the total solar eclipse. Believing that their prince and princess are in danger, the four reawaken their powers once more to reunite and aid their fellow Sailor Guardians. Due to the influence of the eclipse, Usagi and Mamoru Chiba's conditions begin to worsen, causing their powers to deteriorate. Without their leader, the Guardians are at a loss as to what they should do next. Frustrated by the situation, Hotaru and Chibiusa set off on their own to confront the Amazoness Quartet, who have been causing the brunt of the chaos thus far. As Queen Nehelenia's liberation quickly approaches, the Sailor Guardians are running out of time to stop her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kuroo Hazama, also known as "Black Jack," is a legend in the medical world. Famous for being one of the best, as well as not having a license, Hazama and his assistant Pinoko save countless lives that other doctors cannot... for a price; an exorbitant price, in fact, which causes many to view the genius as greedy and heartless. Despite these claims, however, none can deny his skill and the lengths that he will go to treat his patients. This dark medical drama tells the story of the ominous and mysterious world of underground medicine as Black Jack risks his life to cure some of the most bizarre diseases imaginable, even if it means breaking every law in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]If not for his ability to take over people's mind and body, Yuu Otosaka would be an ordinary high school student. Though it only lasts for five seconds at a time, Yuu's mysterious power allowed him to cheat his way to the top of his class and  enter a prestigious high school, where he continues his dishonest acts.His shenanigans are eventually stopped by Nao Tomori—the headstrong student council president from Hoshinoumi Academy—who sees through his deceit. Through coercion, Nao convinces Yuu to transfer to Hoshinoumi and join the student council. Hoshinoumi Academy is secretly an institution created for adolescents who possess supernatural abilities—with the student council serving as a means of locating those who abuse their powers.With Yuu begrudgingly assisting in council affairs, the group sets out to find and protect new ability users from harm. However, as they further investigate the abilities, their findings entangle them in far more complicated matters than they could ever imagine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Upon arriving at the train station of death, an impure soul is granted a second chance at life against his will. Reincarnating into the body of Makoto Kobayashi, a 14-year-old boy who recently committed suicide, the soul is tasked to identify the boy's greatest sin in life within a time limit of six months. Although it remains reluctant toward continuing life as Makoto, the soul soon begins to notice the complexities of people's emotions and actions.Deconstructing the ideas of fractured families and suicide, Colorful explores the intricacies of the daily struggles humans face but are too abashed to confront.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Devils cannot take form without a living host. However, if the will of an individual is strong enough, they can overcome the demon and make its power their own, becoming a Devilman.Weak and unassuming, Akira Fudou has always had a bleeding heart. So when his childhood friend Ryou Asuka asks for his help in uncovering devils, Akira accepts without hesitation. However, to Akira's surprise, the place they go to is Sabbath: an immoral party of debauchery and degeneracy. Amidst bloodshed and death, demons possess the partiers, turning their bodies into grotesque monsters, and begin wreaking havoc. In a reckless attempt to save his best friend, Akira unwittingly merges with the devil Amon and becomes a Devilman, gaining the power to defeat the remaining demons.Though it grants him great power, this new partnership awakens an insatiable and primeval part of Akira. Having the body of a devil but the same crybaby heart, Akira works alongside Ryou, destroying those that harm humanity and his loved ones.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Taking place between the events of Free!: Eternal Summer and Free!: Dive to the Future, Free!: Take Your Marks plays out the graduated seniors' last summer through four different stories before they set sail for the future.Unmei no Choice! (Destined Choice!) follows Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana searching for a new apartment for Haruka as he settles into Tokyo. Hitou no Cooling Down! (Cooling Down at the Secret Hot Spring!) sees Aiichiro Nitori choose a graduation gift for Rin Matsuoka and Sousuke Yamazaki, while Momotaro Mikoshiba wins tickets to the Anago Hot Springs. Hoping for a trip together, Aiichiro and Momotaro invite Rin and Sousuke. Kessoku no Batafurai! (United Butterfly!) shows Rei Ryugazaki, Nagisa Hazuki, and Gou Matsuoka creating a recruitment video to attract new club members for the next school year. Tabidachi no Etanaru Buru! (Departing Eternal Blue!) looks into the Iwatobi and Samezuka swim teams' plans for Rin's surprise going-away party, as he will be departing for Australia soon. [Written by MAL Rewrite]With the onset of exams Ryuuichi and Kotaro spend less time together and a special version of Snow White is put on by the cast of Gakuen Babysitters. This special episode is bundled with the 7th Blu-ray volume.The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture, otherwise known as Genshiken, is now under the charge of a more confident Sasahara. Things have changed in between semesters, and the otaku club now has a new otaku-hating member named Ogiue. Sasahara's initial goal of starting a doujin circle and selling those fan-made magazines at the next Comic Festival becomes a reality, but reality is a cruel master... who apparently crossplays. Afterward, the club is abuzz with talk about Tanaka and Ohno's relationship, which takes a hesitant step forward.(Source: Media Blasters)Grisaia no Rakuen begins right at the end of the previous installment, Grisaia no Meikyuu. Kazami Yuuji is arrested under suspicion for terrorism. A video showing apparently concrete proof that Yuuji committed these acts, and he is held in custody by Ichigaya.Ichigaya knows full well that Yuuji didn't commit the crimes he has been accused of. But he did fail to assassinate Heath Oslo, who is the leader of the terrorist organization with an extremely devastating weapon in their possession. In fact, Ichigaya have their own plans for Yuuji... But all may not be lost for Yuuji. The girls of the Mihama Academy are not about to let Yuuji be used for political gain, and neither may the mysterious new figure which appears before them.Nasa, at the request of his former junior high school teacher, Ms. Yanagi, finds himself entrusted with teaching a programming class at a high school. But here's the catch—it's an all-girls' school. Surrounded by the limitless energy of teenage girls, Nasa tries to maintain his composure, but deep down, he can't help feeling nervous.A capricious boyfriend, secret admiration for someone, and a multitude of romantic dilemmas that can't be solved by programming, Nasa wonders if he can crack the equation of love!(Source: MAL News)Following a terror attack in which a helicopter crashed into a nuclear power plant, the Japanese government passes a law expanding the powers of the Media Betterment Committee (MBC). Knowing that the MBC will target author Kurato Touma due to the similarities between one of his novels and the terrorists' actions, journalist Maki Orikuchi asks the Library Defense Force (LDF) to act as his bodyguards.Meanwhile, the higher-ups of the LDF prepare to indict the MBC on the grounds that parts of its new authority are unconstitutional. With the very existence of the Media Betterment Act coming under scrutiny, the members of the Library Task Force must navigate both their blossoming relationships and the precarious political situation they find themselves in.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The plot revolves around Doki, a female rabbit, meeting, falling in love with, and chasing Nabi, a male cat, in a world where love between the two species is socially unacceptable. The theme of the short is that all love can be accepted and has a chance. Nabi attempts to cure Doki's infatuation for him, but after seeing the extent of her love, he gives in and finds something he can appreciate in her.(Source: Wikipedia)Taking a break from the hustle and bustle of Tokyo, Souta Tawara returns to his hometown in Kagawa. Though his parents are no longer around, his former home and family-owned udon restaurant reminds him of the times his family was still together. Reminiscing about his childhood, Souta enters the udon restaurant and discovers a grimy young boy sleeping.At first, Souta thinks nothing of the chance encounter and provides the boy with food and clothing. However, to his surprise, the boy suddenly sprouts a furry pair of ears and a tail! Souta soon learns that the nameless boy is actually the rumored shapeshifting tanuki that has been inhabiting Kagawa for many years. Thinking that the boy has been living a lonely life, he decides to take him in and name him Poko.Udon no Kuni no Kiniro Kemari follows the heartwarming relationship between Souta and Poko, and through the time they spend together, Souta recalls his own past, the place he left behind for the city, and the relationship he had with his father.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The civilians of the Crayon Kingdom have always view their Princess Silver as a twelve-year old girl with a beautiful smile. However, unknown to them, the princess has 12 bad habits. This has created much distress to the Chameleon Prime Minister and the Crayon ministers for it would be embarassing if this gets out. One day, a party was held to celebrate Princess Silver's twelvth birthday. The princess was trying to seek her Prince Charming that she forgot to take notice of her bad habits. One of the boys at the party was so angry that he changed Silver's parents, the King and Queen, into stone. In order to break the curse and save her parents, Silver decided to set on a journey to locate the boy. Together with her companions, Silver begins her adventure.At Tootsuki Culinary Academy, a heated eight-on-eight Shokugeki known as the Régiment de Cuisine rages on between Central and the rebel forces led by Souma Yukihira and Erina Nakiri. Though they won a stunning perfect victory in the first bout, the rebels face an uphill battle ahead, as they must now face off against the rest of the Elite Ten Council. With the future of Tootsuki at stake, Souma and Erina must push far beyond the limits of their abilities, using everything they learned from their mentors and ultimately drawing from their experiences cooking together as friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Powerful, avaricious sorceress Lina Inverse travels around the world, stealing treasures from bandits who cross her path. Her latest victims, a band of thieves, wait in ambush in a forest, thirsting for revenge. When Lina is about to effortlessly pummel her would-be attackers, the swordsman Gourry Gabriev suddenly announces his presence. Assuming Lina to be a damsel in distress, the foolish yet magnanimous man confronts the brigands in order to rescue her. After defeating them posthaste, the oblivious cavalier decides to escort Lina to Atlas City. Though not very keen on this idea, she ends up accepting his offer.However, without realizing it, Lina has chanced upon a mighty magical item among her most recent spoils. Now two mysterious men are hunting the young magician and her self-proclaimed guardian to obtain this powerful object for apparently nefarious purposes. This way they begin their adventure, one where the fate of the world itself may be at stake.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A century of bloodshed between warring star systems has plunged nearly 200 worlds into the flames of war. Now, an uneasy truce has settled across the Astragius Galaxy...Chirico Cuvie, a special forces powered-armor pilot is suddenly transferred into a unit engaged in a secret and highly illegal mission to steal military secrets—from their own military! Now he's on the run...from his own army!Unsure of his loyalties and to cover their own tracks, Chirico is left behind to die in space. Surviving by luck, the renegade is now hunted by both the conspirators and military intelligence.He is driven by the haunting image of a mysterious and beautiful woman—the objective of their mission, and his sole clue to unraveling their treacherous scheme. But the conspirators will do anything to preserve their mysterious agenda...(Source: AnimeNfo)Kyuu is your average boy with a knack for logic and reasoning. Desiring to become a detective, he finds out about the existence of the Dan Detective School (DDS); a famed school where students are allowed to bear arms. Together with Megu, a girl with photographic memory, the martial arts master Kinta, the genius programmer Kazuma and the mysterious Ryuu, Kyuu tackles many well planned out crimes, always seeking the truth.Tentai Senshi Sunred is the magnificent story of the conflict between good and evil that takes place in the city of Kawasaki. Sunred, ally of justice, is dedicated to stopping the evil organization Florsheim on their quest for world domination, while General Vamp and his minions are constantly thinking up new schemes to defeat Sunred. In what sounds like a typical story, the characters make all the difference. Our hero Sunred is rude, violent, and lazy, playing pachinko all day and leeching off of his girlfriend Kayoko Uchida. Meanwhile General Vamp is polite, conscientious, and an ideal homemaker who cooks, mothers his minions, and discusses housekeeping with Kayoko, who bickers constantly with Sunred. Even the monsters of Florsheim tend to be adorable and harmless.Each episode is comprised of several shorts weighing in at anywhere from a few minutes to a few seconds, and explores the daily lives of these sworn enemies. This is the story of the battle between good and evil that takes place in Kawasaki.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world where humanoid armored weapons known as "Titatonostrider" ("TS" for short) are used in warfare, troops from various countries converge on the island of Oahu, Hawaii, including Ao Isami of the Japan Ground Self-Defense Force and Lewis Smith of the United States Marine Corps. Isami and Smith cross paths during battle, but suddenly, their teams are attacked by an unknown enemy, scattering soldiers and sending their forces into disarray. In order to save their friends and survive on the deadly battlefield, they must fight with every ounce of courage and pride that they can muster.(Source: Crunchyroll News, edited)After being forced to graduate from JPX48 following a controversial incident with a male fan, Ai Narata swears to never interact with another man ever again. Using her talents and strong desire to get away from men, Ai auditions for the exclusive all-female Kouka School of Musical and Theatrical Arts. The school is renowned for producing the best actresses that go on to perform in the famous all-female Kouka Theatre Troupe. Coming from the idol industry, Ai is the perfect candidate for the school's hundredth generation class, but her aloof demeanor alienates her from her classmates.The eccentric Sarasa Watanabe is the only person who wishes to become Ai's friend. She enters Kouka with the goal of becoming a top "otokoyaku" performer—an actress that plays traditionally male roles. After seeing a Kouka performance of The Rose of Versailles when she was younger, Sarasa dreams of performing as Lady Oscar one day. Unfortunately, Sarasa's inability to read a room causes friction between her and her classmates, including Ai, who reluctantly becomes her roommate and partner in many of their classes. Succeeding at Kouka will involve more than just raw talent for these young girls as jealousy, deceit, and the harsh realities of show business put their mental fortitude to the test. Will Sarasa and Ai be able to rise to the top and stand on the silver bridge?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After running away from the grim future that awaited her back in her home country, a young girl takes upon a new name and identity—inspired by the man who sacrificed his life to help her escape. Alongside her newfound companion, a talking motorcycle, the two find themselves a new home in the forest—where lives an elderly woman with an expertise in guns. Under the woman's care, the girl is trained in marksmanship and motorcycle handling among other various skills needed to survive.Although the girl is happy with her current life, her guilt regarding her savior's death continues to build within herself. She still feels responsible for her savior's death, and considers the consequences of using his name as her own. In doing so, she is denying her own identity and existence by trying to replicate another person's life, instead of living her own.Kino no Tabi: The Beautiful World - Nanika wo Suru Tame ni - Life Goes On. follows the journey of a young girl as she begins to come to terms with her new identity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When five students at Yamaboshi Academy realize that there are no clubs where they fit in, they band together to form the Student Cultural Society, or "StuCS" for short. The club consists of: Taichi Yaegashi, a hardcore wrestling fan; Iori Nagase, an indecisive optimist; Himeko Inaba, a calm computer genius; Yui Kiriyama, a petite karate practitioner; and Yoshifumi Aoki, the class clown.One day, Aoki and Yui experience a strange incident when, without warning, they switch bodies for a short period of time. As this supernatural phenomenon continues to occur randomly amongst the five friends, they begin to realize that it is not just fun and games. Now forced to become closer than ever, they soon discover each other's hidden secrets and emotional scars, which could end up tearing the StuCS and their friendship apart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seirin High School's Basketball Team is looking for new talent to join them as they enter their second year of operation. While they struggle to increase their numbers, freshmen recruits Taiga Kagami and Tetsuya Kuroko compensate for it in terms of quality. Kagami is a basketball prodigy hailing from America, while Kuroko's less-than-average physique conceals the fact that he was part of Teikou Middle School's famous "Generation of Miracles" Basketball Team.After training to become a more cohesive team, Seirin faces a major setback during the Interhigh championship when it faces off against Touou Academy—the new home of Kuroko's former teammate Daiki Aomine. Jaded by the lack of competition, Aomine single-handedly overwhelms Kagami and Kuroko's newfound "light and shadow" partnership, claiming that they will never be able to surpass him or his "light." Now that the Winter Cup has rolled around, the reignited Seirin is out for vengeance against Touou. Although the team has been training relentlessly, it may not be enough to take down their rival, as Aomine carefully begins to see through Kuroko and Kagami's tricks.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The cultivation classes in the Cloud Recesses have started, and Wei Wuxian is as mischievous as ever. From getting in trouble for cheating to tempting the ever-so-cold and stoic Lan Wangji into breaking one of the three thousand strict rules of the Gusu Lan Clan—he's done it all. Although almost everything Wei Wuxian does is against Lan Wangji's principles, an unbreakable bond forms between the two. This chibi spin-off is a refreshing compilation of the hilarious and adorable moments of Mo Dao Zu Shi that shows not only how impish Wei Wuxian can be, but also the bashful side of the icy Lan Wangji.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ranma Saotome continues his search for a way to become a normal teenage boy again. He gets into many hilarious situations involving the many girls in his life. One of the biggest challenges is overcoming the proposals from others who have found a suitable bride for Ranma. But he has his own worries and must muster up the best of his wits and martial arts to keep his sanity. It's not easy being desired by so many women (and men) and not breaking hearts of a few along the way. He just might be able to find it in his heart to confess to Akane or simply find another excuse that he can't marry such a tomboy girl. (Source: ANN)In the year After Colony 196, one year after the conclusion of the intergalactic civil war, a state of stasis prevails over the Earth and its colonies. Seeing no further use for their Gundam mobile suits, war heroes Duo Maxwell, Heero Yuy, Trowa Barton, and Quatre Raberba Winner decide to destroy these weapons by launching them into the sun's surface. Before the Gundam reach their destination, the universal peace is shattered by the emergence of Mariemaia Khushrenada—the only child of the former tyrannical aristocrat Treize. Mariemaia abducts diplomat Relena Peacecraft and announces plans to launch "Operation Meteor," with the intention of posthumously fulfilling Treize's world domination plot.With the help of former enemy Zechs Marquise and his mobile suit Tallgeese, the heroic pilots must reacquire their mobile suits to wage one final battle against the Khushrenada dynasty, including fighting against their former ally Wufei Chang, now aligning himself with Mariemaia's ambitions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Usagi Tsukino is an average student and crybaby klutz who constantly scores low on her tests. Unexpectedly, her humdrum life is turned upside down when she saves a cat with a crescent moon on its head from danger. The cat, named Luna, later reveals that their meeting was not an accident: Usagi is destined to become Sailor Moon, a planetary guardian with the power to protect the Earth. Given a special brooch that allows her to transform, she must use her new powers to save the city from evil energy-stealing monsters sent by the malevolent Queen Beryl of the Dark Kingdom.But getting accustomed to her powers and fighting villains are not the only things she has to worry about. She must find the lost princess of the Moon Kingdom, the other Sailor Guardians, and the Legendary Silver Crystal in order to save the planet from destruction.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sequel to Bishoujo Senshi Sailor Moon Eternal Movie 2.Side stories of Boku no Kokoro no Yabai Yatsu, based on a series of shorts that were posted on X (formerly Twitter).When a shapeshifting demon with a thirst for human flesh, known as "youma," arrives in Raki's village, a lone woman with silver eyes walks into town with only a sword upon her back. She is a "Claymore," a being manufactured as half-human and half-youma, for the express purpose of exterminating these monsters. After Raki's family is killed, the Claymore saves his life, but he is subsequently banished from his home. With nowhere else to go, Raki finds the Claymore, known as Clare, and decides to follow her on her journeys.As the pair travel from town to town, defeating youma along the way, more about Clare's organization and her fellow warriors comes to light. With every town cleansed and every demon destroyed, they come closer to the youma on which Clare has sought vengeance ever since she chose to become a Claymore.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Five years after the events of Dragon Ball, martial arts expert Gokuu is now a grown man married to his wife Chi-Chi, with a four-year old son named Gohan. While attending a reunion on Turtle Island with his old friends Master Roshi, Krillin, Bulma and others, the festivities are interrupted when a humanoid alien named Raditz not only reveals the truth behind Gokuu's past, but kidnaps Gohan as well.With Raditz displaying power beyond anything Gokuu has seen before, he is forced to team up with his old nemesis, Piccolo, in order to rescue his son. But when Gokuu and Piccolo reveal the secret of the seven mystical wish-granting Dragon Balls to Raditz, he informs the duo that there is more of his race, the Saiyans, and they won’t pass up an opportunity to seize the power of the Dragon Balls for themselves.These events begin the saga of Dragon Ball Kai, a story that finds Gokuu and his friends and family constantly defending the galaxy from increasingly more powerful threats. Bizarre, comical, heartwarming and threatening characters come together in a series of battles that push the powers and abilities of Gokuu and his friends beyond anything they have ever experienced.Intrepid adventurer Bell Cranel has leveled up, but he can’t rest on his dungeoneering laurels just yet. The Hestia Familia still has a long way to go before it can stand toe-to-toe with the other Familias of Orario — but before Bell can set out on his next mission, reports of a brutal murder rock the adventuring community! One of Bell’s trusted allies stands accused of the horrible crime, and it’s up to Bell and his friends to clear their name and uncover a nefarious plot brewing in the dungeon’s dark depths.(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Haruka Nanase's new stage is Sydney, the place of his dreams that he once visited. One day while taking a short break before his departure, Haru has a chance confrontation with a fellow athlete from the All-Japan Invitational. Carrying all the feelings from those he's swam with in his heart, Haru takes his first step forward into a new world.Waiting for him there is the unmistakable champion, Albert Volandel.In the lead up to the Sydney tournament, all the competitors attempt to boost their morale. What is each competitor feeling, and what do they swim for, as they attempt to compete at the top of the world?Their passionate struggle against the water begins from here――！(Source: Free! website, Translated)Years ago, all of the ghosts in a haunted schoolhouse were banished by a certain student. Now, they're back—and they want revenge...Satsuki and Keiichirou Miyanoshita are two siblings recovering from the tragic loss of their mother. After moving to their mother's hometown, they learn that the local school they have transferred to is an old building—one said to be haunted. Despite initially brushing it off as a silly rumor, the two soon discover that ghosts are indeed real and that they're after them! Gakkou no Kaidan is the creepy tale of the lives of these siblings and their newfound friends as they try to survive the school's ghosts—with a little help from their pet cat along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to a tragic accident, Banri Tada is struck with amnesia, dissolving the memories of his hometown and past. However, after befriending Mitsuo Yanagisawa, he decides to move on and begin a new life at law school in Tokyo. But just as he is beginning to adjust to his college life, the beautiful Kouko Kaga dramatically barges into Banri's life, and their chance meeting marks the beginning of an unforgettable year. After having a glimpse of college life, Banri learns that he is in a new place and a new world—a place where he can be reborn, have new friends, fall in love, make mistakes, and grow. And as he begins to discover who he was, the path he has chosen leads him towards a blindingly bright life that he will never want to forget.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Though Gundam Plastic Models, better known as Gunpla, exploded in popularity with the release of the anime series Mobile Suit Gundam, their presence faded before resurging with a new purpose. Through the power of Plavsky particles, fans are now able to pit their Gunpla against others in a virtual reality-style battle with the best competing at the annual Gunpla World Tournament. Sei Iori, whose father was a once finalist in the competition, dreams of one day conquering the contest himself. However, while Sei is an expert Gunpla builder, he lacks the prowess to effectively fight his creations during actual battle. In comes Reiji, a mysterious boy who is curiously ignorant of society but quickly demonstrates to Sei tremendous ability in Gunpla battles. The two boys decide to combine their strengths in order to sweep the Gunpla World Tournament and take the Gunpla world by storm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episodes of Hidamari Sketch x 365.On November 22, 2010, Japan was hit by missile strikes, a terrorist act that fortunately did not harm anyone, becoming known as "Careless Monday." Quickly forgotten, society goes on about their lives as normal.During her graduation trip to America three months later, friendly college student Saki Morimi's life is forever changed when she finds herself saved from unexpected trouble by Akira Takizawa. Takizawa is cheerful, but odd in many ways—he is stark naked and suffers from amnesia, believing himself to be a terrorist. In addition, he possesses a strange cell phone loaded with 8.2 billion yen in digital cash.Despite Takizawa's suspicious traits, Saki quickly befriends the enigmatic young man. However, unbeknownst to her, this is the beginning of a thrilling death game involving money, cell phones, and the salvation of the world. Higashi no Eden chronicles Saki's struggle to unravel the mysteries behind her savior, while Takizawa himself battles other individuals armed with similar cell phones and returning memories which reveal his possible connection to the event from months ago.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sesshoumaru has never approved of his half-demon younger brother Inuyasha inheriting their father's prized sword, Tessaiga, while he was left with the restorative Tenseiga blade. Upon learning that even Tenseiga's one destructive technique—which he himself perfected—was designed to be transferred to Tessaiga, Sesshoumaru grows even more bitter as he feels disowned in favor of an unworthy mongrel. Meanwhile, Inuyasha's archenemy Naraku unscrupulously takes advantage of Sesshoumaru's grievance to tempt him with a means of stealing Tessaiga's powers. Pitted against each other, the siblings cross blades in a fight that will decide whether Inuyasha will thwart Naraku's dirty scheme and earn Sesshoumaru's acknowledgment or die at the hands of his own flesh and blood.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Red panda Retsuko continues to work at her cyclic office job, with the occasional stress-venting via death metal karaoke on the side. With the company of her newfound friends Gori and Washimi, life is more enjoyable than ever before. But some new shake-ups to her status quo threaten to add more stress to her life. At the office, new employee Anai seems like a fine addition to the company. Yet when Retsuko is placed in charge of his training, she finds that beneath his steadfast dedication, he may pose a threat to the stability of the workplace. Meanwhile, at home, Retsuko's mother pays an abrupt visit, fully intent on having her daughter finally settle down and find a man. With this in mind, she sets Retsuko up for various marriage appointments, much to her chagrin.Now, Retsuko finds all the more reasons to head to the karaoke bar and unleash her furious diatribes. However, knowing that this will not truly solve her problems, she decides to make a more spontaneous choice to avoid her issues. And so, Retsuko finds herself set upon another self-reflecting journey, coming to learn more about herself and love, with the ever cathartic support of death metal karaoke.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As always, Shi Miao is tired of her brother's ridiculous antics, and Shi Fen can only hope to escape the clutches of his violent sister. With their friends and classmates in tow, the two continue their dysfunctional relationship as reluctant but devoted siblings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Usagi Tsukino and her friends have been living peacefully until they are called into action again as Sailor Guardians, planetary warriors fighting for the peace of the galaxy. Usagi, also known as Sailor Moon, leads their group into battle when a new threat from beyond the stars presents itself: two survivors of an alien race, An and Ail. In order to save the source of their life force, the Makai Tree, An and Ail begin harvesting energy from unsuspecting humans. The Sailor Guardians must stop their plot or face the annihilation of Earth.But as one threat subsides, another follows—this time in the form of a little girl from the future who seeks the source of Sailor Moon's power to save her family. However, she is not the only one vying for it, as a group known as the Black Moon Clan also wishes to obtain the power and use it for nefarious purposes. In order to protect their destinies and the harmony of the universe, Sailor Moon and the rest of the Sailor Guardians must fight to stop these forces from succeeding.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Mamoru was little he gave a rose to a little boy named Fiore. Fiore promised that one day he would bring Mamoru lots of flowers. Now Fiore has come back to earth but his intentions are not merely to fulfil a promise... (Source: ANN)Subaru Mikazuki is a 23-year-old mystery novel author, major introvert, and an awkwardly shy person. He would much rather stay home to read a book than go outside and interact with others. Further exacerbating this life of solitude, his parents tragically died in an accident many years ago, leaving him alone in the world. One day, while giving offerings at his parents' grave, Subaru runs into a small grey and white cat named Haru, which he ends up taking home with him. Subaru, however, has never taken care of anyone else in his life—can he even take care of a cat? Haru is grateful toward Subaru, as he gives her all the food she wants—a luxury for a cat who is used to a rough life on the streets. But she notices that Subaru can't even seem to take care of himself! Will she be okay with this dunce? Doukyonin wa Hiza, Tokidoki, Atama no Ue. tells the story of an unlikely friendship between a human and a cat who try to foster an understanding with each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To obtain the Magic Flame, Xiao Yan and his teacher went to a desert full of snakes, which angered the Master of the Snake Tribe, Yue Mei. When Xiao Yan was on the very edge of death, he was rescued by the Master of Fight, whose face was hidden by a mask. As it turned out, he was also looking for the Magic Flame. The Snake Tribe refused to hand over the Magic Flame to the Master of Fight, but when he attacked the Queen of the tribe, it turned out that it was just a shell, and the real queen is preparing to absorb the Magic Flame in order to become the God of Fight. The Snake Tribe attacked those who dared to raise their hand against their queen, while Xiao Yan was able to find traces of the Magic Flame in the midst of the battle and hunt down the Queen...A long time ago, there was a valiant swordsman who came to be known simply as "the hero." There was a demon who has caused people suffering. The hero and his companions arrived to challenge the demon to a battle and by combining their powers, the battle was brought swift conclusion. With no one around to cause trouble, the island became a quiet place where everyone could live together in peace.Several years later, the demon is revived. Our present-day protagonist, Dai, lives on a remote island in the southern seas and dreams of becoming a great hero. When he hears about the demon's revival, Dai and his friends take it upon themselves to stop him and the evil force that revived him. Along the way, Dai discovers the identity of "the hero," the truth behind the evil force who revived the demon, and Dai's own hidden powers that surface in times of peril.(Source: MU, edited)Recap of the Free!: Dive to the Future TV series featuring new scenes.Striking fear into the hearts of mortals, the Demon Lord Satan begins to conquer the land of Ente Isla with his vast demon armies. However, while embarking on this brutal quest to take over the continent, his efforts are foiled by the hero Emilia, forcing Satan to make his swift retreat through a dimensional portal only to land in the human world. Along with his loyal general Alsiel, the demon finds himself stranded in modern-day Tokyo and vows to return and complete his subjugation of Ente Isla—that is, if they can find a way back!Powerless in a world without magic, Satan assumes the guise of a human named Sadao Maou and begins working at MgRonald's—a local fast-food restaurant—to make ends meet. He soon realizes that his goal of conquering Ente Isla is just not enough as he grows determined to climb the corporate ladder and become the ruler of Earth, one satisfied customer at a time!Whether it's part-time work, household chores, or simply trying to pay the rent on time, Hataraku Maou-sama! presents a hilarious view of the most mundane aspects of everyday life, all through the eyes of a hapless demon lord.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kenshi Masaki has been kidnapped and brought to the world of Geminar by a mysterious group. To get back home, he agrees to help them assassinate the newly crowned empress of the Shtrayu Empire, Lashara Aasu XXVIII, using a giant robot called a Sacred Mechanoid.As her army fights them off, Lashara takes note of Kenshi's abilities and demands that her attacker be captured alive, only to find out that the pilot is male which is extremely rare on Geminar. Believing it to be a waste to kill him, she makes Kenshi her attendant.As the empress' new servant, Kenshi is required to accompany Lashara to the Holy Land, an academy where Sacred Mechanoid pilots hone their skills. His arrival attracts attention, but Kenshi is unaware that something sinister is brewing within the academy and it could plunge the entire world into war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Niche carries the wounded and stunned Lag back to the Bee Hive, the Letter Bee finally begins to piece the puzzle together. Now he knows what's happened to Gauche, why the Marauders are so focused on stealing mail and the actual intent of the group controlling both, Reverse. However, when he's forbidden to reveal the truth, Lag is soon forced out of the artificial sunlight and back into the world of perpetual night. And soon Reverse's plot to take down the Letter Bees and overthrow the Amberground government begins to accelerate. If things weren't already bad enough, the giant insect creatures called gaichuu are apparently evolving into something new; there may be traitors working within the Hive; and Niche's sister, who's definitely not human friendly, shows up to turn family drama into a full-scale siege! It all spells serious trouble for the Letter Bees, but if anyone can weather the storms and gloom of night, Lag and his team are the ones who'll deliver.(Source: FUNimation)Mature grade school student Arisu Tachibana is an aspiring idol who receives an invitation from her company president to participate in the Third Entertainment Section—a new idol project. Arisu and eight other young girls soon meet their producer before beginning idol-related activities.To the girls' surprise, their producer appears to be a childlike adult and nothing like what they had imagined. The producer, who is taking on the position for the first time, also had no idea that he would be meeting a group of short, young idols. The awkward situation leaves Arisu disappointed, and she wishes for a producer change.However, the producer, with his genuine love for idols and his desire to see them shine, will not let this opportunity pass and expresses that he is serious about working with the girls. Thankfully, the young idols accept the producer after seeing his unwavering passion for idols, serving as the start of their journey to the stage of dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]2199 AD. Yamato tried to leave behind the Large Magellanic Cloud galaxy, after receiving a "Cosmo Reverse System" at its destination, Iscandar. However, suddenly, it encounters a mysterious group at the edge of the Large Magellanic Cloud. The crew finds out that the group is called the "Gatlantis," and that its leader is the Gutaba expeditionary force commander who calls himself "Goran Dagaamu of Thunder." The commander demands that Yamato be handed over to him. Yamato, wanting to hurry to Earth, escapes the fray. However, Yamato is attacked by a devastating beam weapon called the "Flame Direct Attack Cannon" that can transcend space.Yamato was able to retreat, but ends up getting lost, and finds itself in a strangely colored irregular dimension. The crew decides to turn off the engine on the ship, and explore a mysterious planet. In order to collect information, Kodai, Kiryū, Sawamura, Niimi, and Aihara land on the planet. What they saw when they arrived was a ship that was not supposed to be there.Dagaamu chases after the traces of Yamato's warp, and also reaches the strangely colored space. The planet on which Yamato landed was in fact what Dagaamu had been looking for all along.(Source: ANN)Three girls have been chosen by the great Shinju-sama to be heroes and fight against the destructive beings known as Vertexes—enemies that threaten the harmony and safety of the world.Unsure of when they would be called to duty, Sumi Washio, Sonoko Nogi, and Gin Minowa spent their time idly. However, with the sudden appearance of a Vertex, they realize they have no idea how to fight together as magical girls when they are nearly bested. They manage to defeat their enemy by sheer determination, but in the aftermath of the battle, the three decide to fix their teamwork issues and improve their combat capabilities.But as more enemies appear—and requiring even more power to defeat their nemeses—the girls may find themselves irreversibly changed by the use of their magic. What price will they have to pay to ensure victory, and is it one worth paying if humanity will be saved?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The show starts with the tale of Chitose Fujinomiya, a girl who goes from riches to rags and back and remains a snob despite it all. When her wealthy father dies, remaining debts leave Chitose almost broke, and she is kicked out of the affluent Tokai no Gakuen, or City Academy. She is left with nothing in the world but the clothes on her back and one pink goldfish named Gyopi-chan, the only memento she has of her father. Wandering lost, she collapses on the grounds of the poor-but-happy Inaka no Chugakko (Country Jr. High School), where the students are rough if friendly, and farm animals regularly roam the school grounds and even attend class. Recovering, she enters into the school but is repelled by its air of poverty, to which she is unaccustomed.  (Source: AnimeNfo)Kenji Kamiyama and Production I.G's Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex: Solid State Society movie will be converted into stereoscopic 3D. Kamiyama himself is overseeing the conversion, and I.G will also add a newly animated opening sequence.At the end of season 2. Yuuri defeats Shinou, but since Shinou had been defeated, Yuuri and Murata could no longer go to the Shin Makoku. However, because Yuuri had fought and defeated him, his powers had surpassed that of Shinou's, resulting in him being able to rely on his own power to return to Shin Makoku.After the ceremony at the age of 16, Yuuri slowly begins to discover that much has happened while he was away. The ten officials of the noble family have decided to make Wolfram the next Maou, but now that Yuuri has returned and taken back his role as Maou, complications arise when one noble disagrees with Yuuri returning to the throne.In addition, an ancient secret society that threatens the peace of both humans and Mazoku has risen, and a fight for the throne that now leaves the nobles wondering who is the legitimate Maou. Kaitou Kid and Vincent van Gogh's artworks feature heavily in the movie, according to an interview with Gosho Aoyama. The teaser preview at the end of Dimensional Sniper included references to van Gogh's "Sunflowers" series.(Source: Wikipedia)Based on the one-shot manga Monsters.The "Anarchy Sisters," Panty and Stocking, have been kicked out of Heaven for, to put it mildly, misbehaving. Led by a priest named Garterbelt, these angels must buy their way back by exterminating ghosts in Daten City. But this task requires unconventional weapons for these unorthodox angels—they transform their lingerie into weapons to dispatch the spirits. Unfortunately, neither of them take their duties seriously, as they rather spend their time in pursuit of other "hobbies": Panty prefers to sleep with anything that walks, and Stocking favors stuffing her face with sweets than hunting ghosts.Follow these two unruly angels as they battle ghosts, an overflow of bodily fluids, and their own tendency to get side-tracked in Panty & Stocking with Garterbelt.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pokémon are marvelous creatures that come in a variety of types and sizes, with abilities, powers, and personalities as diverse as they are numerous. Doctor Yukinari Ookido has dedicated his life to studying these fascinating beings, that can be caught, trained, traded, and battled against each other. There's only so much he can do from his lab though. With this in mind, Ookido entrusts two young boys with a Pokémon of their own and a computerized encyclopedia to catalog them. One of them, Green, is brash, passionate, slightly arrogant, and Doctor Ookido's own nephew. The other boy, Red, is equally passionate, and filled with a wide-eyed, mildly naive sense of wonder.Pokémon: The Origin follows Red in his journey through the region of Kanto in his attempt to complete his "Pokédex" by capturing and cataloging all the Pokémon that exist. Along the way he'll discover there's more to himself and his goals than he originally thought. Red will have to put both himself and his Pokémon to the test in special Gyms whose leaders are steps along the way to the Pokémon League, in order to challenge the Elite Four and become a Pokémon League Champion.Aside from his goals to become a Champion, Red has other problems brewing. There are others who capture and train Pokémon for more sinister reasons, with the infamous criminal organization Team Rocket being one of them. If Red can defeat them, fellow trainers, his rival Green, and wild Pokémon all through Kanto, he just may fulfill his own dream, and Doctor Ookido's as well.As Jun Sakurada fights and lives alongside the Rozen Maidens, special lifelike dolls made to battle each other, he enjoys a rare break in which he is told a story during the events of Rozen Maiden: Träumend. When Jun buys a brooch as a present for Shinku, the fifth doll, she refuses to accept it at any cost. Souseiseki, the fourth doll, then recounts the story of how Shinku and the first doll, Suigintou, first met. This tale tells of the cruel and heartbreaking circumstances surrounding Suigintou's birth, and how the many misunderstandings between her and Shinku shaped their longstanding rivalry fueled by Suigintou's unfettered hate towards Shinku.The stage is set in Rozen Maiden: Ouvertüre in 19th century London as the story delves into the past of these one-time friends and the secrets that they hold.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Life is idyllic and unassuming in the small town of Sotoba, a simple place where everyone knows everyone. However, tragedy strikes when Megumi Shimizu, a young girl with high aspirations, unexpectedly passes away from an unnamed illness. Over the torrid summer months, as more unexplained deaths crop up around the village, the town's doctor—Toshio Ozaki—begins to suspect that something more sinister than a mere disease is at play. Toshio teams up with Natsuno Yuuki, an apathetic and aloof teenager, and siblings Kaori and Akira Tanaka, two of Megumi's friends, to unravel the dark mystery behind the deaths in Sotoba. With their combined efforts, the investigation leads them toward an eerie secret pertaining to the new family in the Kanemasa mansion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the future, advanced robotics has created heavy robots ("labors") for use in a variety of functions: construction, fire-fighting, military, and more. However, though the robots are only machines, their operators are also only human—and humans sometimes turn to crime. Since a heavy labor unit can be a dangerous weapon, the police of the future are set to fight fire with fire, using advanced patrol labor units, "patlabors." This is the story of the Second Special Vehicles Division, a motley crew of patlabor policemen and women doing their best to fight crime and live a normal life.(Source: ANN)Mirai Kuriyama is the sole survivor of a clan of Spirit World warriors with the power to employ their blood as weapons. As such, Mirai is tasked with hunting down and killing "youmu"—creatures said to be the manifestation of negative human emotions. One day, while deep in thought on the school roof, Mirai comes across Akihito Kanbara, a rare half-breed of youmu in human form. In a panicked state, she plunges her blood saber into him only to realize that he's an immortal being. From then on, the two form an impromptu friendship that revolves around Mirai constantly trying to kill Akihito, in an effort to boost her own wavering confidence as a Spirit World warrior. Eventually, Akihito also manages to convince her to join the Literary Club, which houses two other powerful Spirit World warriors, Hiroomi and Mitsuki Nase.As the group's bond strengthens, however, so does the tenacity of the youmu around them. Their misadventures will soon turn into a fight for survival as the inevitable release of the most powerful youmu, Beyond the Boundary, approaches.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first part of a two-part movie. The story is a recap of the TV series.Mirai Kuriyama is the sole survivor of a clan of Spirit World warriors with the power to employ their blood as weapons. As such, Mirai is tasked with hunting down and killing "youmu"—creatures said to be the manifestation of negative human emotions. One day, while deep in thought on the school roof, Mirai comes across Akihito Kanbara, a rare half-breed of youmu in human form. In a panicked state, she plunges her blood saber into him only to realize that he's an immortal being. From then on, the two form an impromptu friendship that revolves around Mirai constantly trying to kill Akihito, in an effort to boost her own wavering confidence as a Spirit World warrior. Eventually, Akihito also manages to convince her to join the Literary Club, which houses two other powerful Spirit World warriors, Hiroomi and Mitsuki Nase.As the group's bond strengthens, however, so does the tenacity of the youmu around them. Their misadventures will soon turn into a fight for survival as the inevitable release of the most powerful youmu, Beyond the Boundary, approaches.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Liang Bu Yi.The year is 2040 and the galaxy is flourishing with several colonies and advanced technology. AI is near perfection and the current top idol is the near-completed Virturoid Idol Sharon Apple. All that is missing are her actual feelings, which instead are supplied by Myung Fang Lone. Sharon's debut concert is on planet Eden, where at the same time, fighter pilots Isamu Dyson and Guld Bowman battle over air superiority for the "Supernova Project." Isamu, Guld and Myung were once childhood friends, but after an accident seven years ago, they went their own separate ways. With Myung back in the picture, the old disputes are once again awakened. And when an unstable and illegal AI technique is installed in Sharon, the situation is worsened. (Source: ANN)A.D. 2040—Thirty years have passed since the battle between the Earth and Zentraedi forces changed the lives of both races. On planet Eden, a top-secret project known as "Supernova" is being held to determine U.N. Spacy's next-generation variable fighter. Competing to win the funding are Shinsei Industries' YF-19 and General Galaxy's YF-21. Piloting the YF-21 is Guld Goa Bowman, a half-human, half-Zentraedi. Shinsei receives its new test pilot in the form of the unruly fighter pilot Isamu Dyson, who was once a friend of Guld. Meanwhile, as Isamu and Guld furiously battle to see which of their fighters is superior, a Virturoid Idol named Sharon Apple is to perform her debut concert on Eden. In charge of Sharon is producer Myung Fang Lone, another former friend of Isamu and Guld. When the three meet each other, old disputes spark from a troubled past. Little do they know that their past incidents—along with the Supernova Project and Sharon Apple—will somehow bring them together.(Source: ANN)Memories is a compilation of three standalone short films encompassing different genres.Magnetic RoseIn the far reaches of space, after tracing a distress signal to a large abandoned space station, a pair of engineers—Heintz Beckner and Miguel Costrela—find a derelict mansion and decide to explore on foot. Their investigation reveals a dark secret surrounding the fate of Eva Friedel, a renowned opera singer with a tragic history. Hallucinations soon begin to plague them, and they must fight to retain their sanity in order to escape the station alive.Stink BombHapless lab technician Nobuo Tanaka consumes some pills at his laboratory to cure a cold. Unknown to him, however, the pills are actually experimental drugs that enhance his flatulence to a lethal degree. As the toxic gas escaping him kills everyone in his vicinity, he is ordered by his superiors to retreat to the company headquarters in Tokyo. The journey to the city is made all the more arduous as Nobuo struggles with his deadly odor while the police, military, and foreign adversaries are hot on his trail.Cannon FodderIn a fortress city filled to the brim with cannons, a young boy wishes to surpass his father by becoming a revered artillery officer. Despite no proof of an enemy nation, he cannot resist the urge to partake in the daily bombardment routines organized by the city. Whether at school or just before bedtime, he only dreams of someday firing a cannon for the sake of his homeland.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Haru Yoshioka is bored with the monotony of life. One day, she saves Prince Lune of the Cat Kingdom from being run over by a truck. As a token of gratitude, the Cat King sends her "presents" and invites her to the Cat Kingdom to become Lune's wife. Haru's inability to properly communicate with the cats leads to the misunderstanding that she has accepted the proposal.As Haru ponders on ways to escape the predicament, a mysterious voice instructs her to search for the Cat Bureau. However, not long after she finally arrives at the bureau, a horde of cats swarms in and forcibly takes her to the Cat Kingdom, along with a member of the Cat Bureau. Concerned for their safety, owner of the Cat Bureau, Baron Humbert von Gikkingen, follows close behind.The more Haru immerses herself in the activities of the Cat Kingdom, the more cat-like she becomes. To her dismay, she soon learns that, unless she can find her true self, she may become a cat permanently. Haru's adventures in the world of cats lead her down a path to self-discovery, allowing her to return as a more confident person.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The problem with assassinations is that bullets are cheap, fanatics are fanatical, and even when an attempt fails, there's always a chance for follow-ups. So even if the attack on Prince Richard by a supposed foreign sniper fails to put his royal highness six feet under, it soon becomes clear that it's open hunting season for Royals when assassins strike again. Now Team White Pigeon's priorities must be split between locating the deadly Cavorite bombs smuggled into the country and protecting Princess Charlotte's sister Mary, the next in line... which, given that Charlotte herself is also a target and currently posing as White Pigeon's Ange, only redoubles the peril she's already found herself in! The fuses are primed, and the timers are counting down in the second shocking and explosive installment of Princess Principal: Crown Handler!(Source: Sentai Filmworks, edited)Shinya Kougami continues to wander the Southeast Asian Union (SEAUn) away from the eyes of the Sibyl System in Japan. While traveling through the Tibet-Himalayan Alliance Kingdom, Kougami encounters Guillermo Garcia—commander of a paramilitary group attempting to unite the local factions and bring peace to the war-torn nation. Wary of joining another mercenary group, Kougami declines to join his cause, but agrees to be driven to the nearby Tibetan capital by one of Garcia's men.However, Kougami's plan to remain uninvolved is short-lived when a bus of refugees are ambushed by armed guerrillas. Among them is a half-Japanese, half-Tibetan girl named Tenzing Wangchuck. Impressed with Kougami's fighting prowess as he single-handedly takes the attackers out, Wangchuck requests him to teach her how to fight so she can take revenge against the warlord who murdered her family. Knowing first-hand that there is no turning back to the person you were once you take a human life, Kougami is initially reluctant to accept her request. But faced with the girl's desire for vengeance that mirrors the haunting abyss inside his own heart, will he train her?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Satomi Amano is a model student as well as the daughter of the leading project manager of Hoshima, a company that has revolutionized AI technology. However, due to her standing, Satomi's presence has isolated her from her classmates—an obstacle she knows she may never overcome.On an otherwise uneventful day, while preparing for school, Satomi uncovers her mother's latest exciting proposition: an AI that will prove whether robots can live alongside humans. Intrigued by how her mother will commence the project, Satomi makes her way to school, but standing in front of the class is none other than the AI herself.As the subject of research, Shion Ashimori is tasked to fit in like a normal teenage girl without exposing her true identity. However, Shion has another goal in mind—to make Satomi happy instead. With her talent for singing, Shion strives to compose harmonious melodies that not only connect her with her newfound friends but also dispel the dissonance within Satomi's heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yume Nijino has been accepted into Four Stars academy, home of the beautiful and talented S4 idol group. She and the other newcomers are determined to discover their talent, with a choice of specializing in beauty, singing, dancing, or drama. A tough road lies ahead of them, and they must rely on each other to overcome their weaknesses and develop their unique strengths.At the first-years' opening performances, Yume performs stellarly but faints and is unable to remember being on stage at all. Struggling to find her talent, she meets Rola "Laura" Sakuraba, and the two develop a friendly rivalry, working together to learn and improve.Though they have their differences, all the students share the same goal: to become the next S4 idol. But hard work and determination, along with teamwork, are needed if they want to join the elite S4.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A two-episode animation commemorating the 5th anniversary of 'BanG Dream! Girls Band Party!'The third season of the mini series starring the girls of BanG Dream!Shen Yuan has read enough xianxia novels to know that the protagonist will somehow cultivate the demonic path, take revenge on his scumbag master, and gain a massive harem along the way. So when he unexpectedly transmigrates into the world of Proud Immortal Demon Way, he knows exactly how the story is going to proceed. However, he does not get to play the role of the protagonist, but instead he becomes the scumbag master destined to suffer a humiliating defeat.Shen Yuan, now known as cultivation master Shen Qingqiu, makes it his mission to change his fate so that he does not fall to his disciple, Luo Binghe, the protagonist of the novel. Trying to break away from the cruel personality of the original Shen Qingqiu seems impossible as any uncharacteristic behavior is blocked by a monitoring system meant to keep him from derailing the plot.Shen Yuan must find a way to befriend Luo Binghe so that he has no reason to seek revenge on his teacher in the future. But with the set series of tragedies meant to befall the protagonist at the hands of Shen Qingqiu, this teacher has his work cut out for him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Daicon III Opening AnimationAn unnamed girl watches as the Science Patrol lands their aircraft. A masked individual exits the ship and approaches the girl, entrusting her with a cup of water and a simple task: to water a radish. The girl enthusiastically accepts her mission but is obstructed by a multitude of foes. Faced with waves of unrelenting monsters, mechas, and starfighters, can the young heroine protect the cup of water and make it to the radish unharmed? Daicon IV Opening AnimationClad in a Playboy Bunny suit, an older version of the same girl takes on new and notable adversaries from around the galaxy. From dueling with lightsabers to surfing the magical sword Stormbringer, there is no shortage of action!Set to Electric Light Orchestra's "Twilight," the Daicon IV Opening Animation is a grand tribute to science fiction culture, showcasing hundreds of familiar characters in one spectacular bout. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years ago, the world was changed forever. The young Cloud Strife and his band of friends may have defeated Sephiroth and thwarted his plan to crash a giant meteor into the Earth, but this victory was not without great cost. The highly populated city of Midgar was nearly ripped apart in the conflict. Fortunately, many of the city's citizens were able to evacuate to safety, and in the years afterward have formed a new home called Edge.Final Fantasy VII: Advent Children revolves around Cloud and Tifa as they try to make new lives for themselves, as well as for those around them, in this new city. Together they run a courier service, and tend to their mutual friend Barret’s adopted daughter Marlene and a young orphan by the name of Denzel. Denzel, Cloud, and scores of children are suffering from a mysterious new illness called "Geostigma."The children of the city have one other threat looming over their heads—a trio of powerful men are kidnapping infected kids for unknown reasons. Cloud is determined to save these young ones, not only from Geostigma, but from the kidnappers as well. He has no idea, however, that these men share a link to his old enemy, Sephiroth, and Cloud’s quest to vanquish them will bring him back into conflict with the demons of his past. If there is any hope in conquering these threats, it lays within the bonds of friendship between Cloud and his allies who saved the world once, and now must do so again.Several months have passed since the infamous Ginza Incident, with tensions between the Empire and JSDF escalating in the vast and mysterious "Special Region" over peace negotiations. The greed and curiosity of the global powers have also begun to grow, as reports about the technological limitations of the magical realm's archaic civilizations come to light. Meanwhile, Lieutenant Youji Itami and his merry band of female admirers struggle to navigate the complex political intrigue that plagues the Empire's court. Despite her best efforts, Princess Piña Co Lada faces difficulties attempting to convince her father that the JSDF has no intention of conquering their kingdom. Pressured from both sides of the Gate, Itami must consider even more drastic measures to fulfill his mission.[Written by MAL Rewrite] After a brilliant victory over Saunders University High School, girls from Ooarai Girls Academy now have to face Italian-themed Anzio Girls High School in the second round of the 63rd National High School Sensha-Dou Tournament. The high-spirited girls from Anzio, led by the charismatic Chiyomi Anzai, advance toward the battle equipped with baffling tactics and a secret weapon.Ooarai will soon find out that what seemed to be a mere formality might take an unexpected and possibly disastrous turn. Whether they will win the match, or lose and doom their school to a closure, is still on a knife-edge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While other schools in Japan compete for the title of being the best soccer team in the country, Raimon Middle School's soccer club, Inazuma Eleven, struggles to rise from the verge of being disbanded. The grandson of Inazuma Eleven's first generation goalkeeper and captain of the team, Mamoru Endou, takes the challenge of kicking the long neglected club back into shape. To do this, he'll need a little help and more than a little luck.Mamoru Endou finds hope in the hands of Shuuya Gouenji, a brilliant young player who has given up on soccer. Mamoru is determined to get Shuuya and other new recruits to join his team, no matter what the cost. Is his passion and determination enough to treat the ailing club? Or is there no more hope for the team?Because of the constantly declining birth rates over many decades, human civilization is all but extinct. With only a few humans remaining, they survive in this post-apocalyptic world with what was left behind by the previous generations. Earth is now dominated by fairies, tiny creatures with extremely advanced technology, an obsession with candy, and a complete disregard for human safety. A young girl who has just finished her studies returns to her hometown and is designated as an official United Nations arbitrator. Her duty is to serve as a link between mankind and fairies, reassuring each side that both races can live together peacefully. She imagines this task will be easy enough, but controlling the disasters created by the oblivious fairies in their pursuit of candy will require a lot more effort than she initially believes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An adaptation of the original five volume arc of the popular JoJo's Bizarre Adventure manga, covering the Phantom Blood chapters. Jonathan Joestar is an aristocratic boy whose life is suddenly turned upside down by a mysterious new boy who arrives, Dio Brando. Dio has a connection to his father, and over time, a rivalry forms as Dio becomes obsessed with a mysterious, ancient, and mystical stone mask that Jonathan's father keeps. After barely escaping a collision with a gigantic Gauna at the cost of many human lives, Kobayashi—the captain of the spaceship Sidonia—is prompted to change her political paradigm. Once she seizes full power, Kobayashi aims to eradicate the Gaunas from the Lem system where former Sidonians have recently established a colony. Her ambition is justified by two breakthroughs: the development of highly effective, long-range anti-Gauna weapons, and the creation of Tsumugi Shiraui—the first human-Gauna chimera possessing great destructive power.Facing hostility toward chimeras and her uncertain large-scale military expedition, Kobayashi enlists the help of the new elite pilot Nagate Tanikaze. Due to his personal experiences with Shizuka Hoshijiro and Benisuzume's placenta, Tanikaze soon develops a close bond with Tsumugi. As the final battle against humanity's most formidable opponent approaches, Tanikaze tries to enjoy the last days of peace with his friend Izana Shinatose—all while Kobayashi secretly pursues the development of an experimental weapon that could very well lead to the complete destruction of Sidonia.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the Ryunka disaster, Tokyo is left in a period of social turmoil. To make matters worse, the group of aliens directly responsible for the catastrophic event have escaped from the Space Federation and are hiding on Earth.Still sharing a body, Space Federation officer Birdy Cephon Altera, and high schooler, Tsutomu Senkawa, are tasked with capturing the fugitives and bringing them to justice. However, an unexpected crisis develops when the outlaws become targets of an unknown assassin with a vendetta. Now Birdy must deal with the chaos of everyday life and also uncover the identity of the assassin before more escapees fall victim.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Yuuichi Katagiri cherishes his close circle of friends, composed of four classmates: Yutori Kokorogi, Shiho Sawaragi, Makoto Shibe, and Tenji Mikasa. However, when the funds for the upcoming school trip are stolen, the incident causes Shiho and Makoto—who had been tasked with collecting the money—to distance themselves from the rest of their class.Soon after, Yuuichi and his friends are deceived into meeting up and knocked unconscious by unknown assailants. After waking, the group find themselves confined in a white room with controversial figure Manabu-kun, who reveals that one of the five has gathered them together to clear their personal debt of twenty million yen. To pay off the amount, they must participate in a variety of psychological games that will test the true nature of their friendship and humanity.Distressed and isolated from the outside world, Yuuichi and his friends need to cooperate to complete the games. But as their concealed feelings and problematic pasts begin to surface, their seemingly unbreakable bond may soon shatter into irreparable pieces.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episode of Tonikaku Kawaii released Fall 2022.It is 2977 AD and mankind has become stagnant. Robots do all the work, the masses are kept tranquil by subliminal messages, and government officials are lazy, caring only about recreational activities like golf and horse racing. Captain Herlock has defied this insipid mentality, leading a group of like-minded rebels to a more adventurous life aboard the spaceship Arcadia.A mysterious force known as the Mazone has invaded the Earth, taking the form of mysterious cloaked women that kill anyone who suspect their nefarious doings, such as Tadashi Daiba who is now on their hit-list. After his scientist father is ignored by the government and killed by the Mazone, he joins Captain Herlock and his ragtag group of pirates to assist them as they try to save humanity from the impending alien threat.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unbeknownst to most humans, a bizarre tournament is held to decide the next ruler of the Heavenly World. In this tournament, 100 Heavenly Beings known as the "God Candidates" are required to search among the middle school students on Earth, and transfer their powers to a student of their choice. The chosen ones will then battle each other, representing their God Candidates. The victor of this tournament will be awarded the "Blank Talent"—allowing them to choose any one unique ability they so desire—while the God Candidate they represent will obtain the position of "God" and become the king of the Heavenly World.  Participating in this grand tournament is Kousuke Ueki, a middle school student who is given the power to turn trash into trees by his homeroom teacher, Kobayashi. Despite the concerns of his classmate, Ai Mori, Ueki embarks on a journey to pursue his own sense of justice after witnessing the people around him misusing their powers for selfish purposes. But as he encounters talented power users such as Seiichirou Sano, Rinko Jerrard, Robert Haydn, and Hideyoshi Soya, he realizes that achieving his goal might be harder than it seems.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kayoko is a young girl in 1940, just starting first grade. She's a bit of a crybaby, which is no secret to those around her. She loves playing with friends and singing cute schoolyard chants, and occasionally having fun with her three older brothers. Her mother is pregnant, and so she looks forward to being a big sister, only partially understanding the responsibility that might bring. Meanwhile, the war effort is growing, and it`s only the natural thing to do to be patriotic and support the country...Kayoko goes so far as to contribute her favorite dolly, whose materials could help build explosives. Time passes, and as she grows older, Kayoko sees how the war has affected her life and those around her. Nothing can prepare her for 1945, however, and the bleak times that are soon to come. Based on original creator Kayoko Ebina's real life experience during World War 2 on Showa era.(Source: ANN)Ever since her crush rejected her by insulting her appearance, Sunako Nakahara has been a shut-in with a hatred for beauty, embracing all things morbid and occult-related. She is sent to live in her aunt's mansion which, to her dismay, she'll share with four exceedingly handsome boys her age. Furthermore, her flighty aunt has made a deal with these boys that in exchange for living there rent-free, they are to turn Sunako into a proper lady by the time she returns from a trip around the world.Thus begins Sunako's hectic life with abrasive Kyohei Takano, ladies' man Ranmaru Morii, calm Takenaga Oda, and friendly Yukinojo Toyama. As she interacts with them she finds them less obnoxious, and she may not be as much of an outcast as she thought.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lonely salaryman Johnson laments his meager life, longing for a world of travel and excitement. But after engaging in a hallucinatory experience, he recalls vivid memories of a legendary space pirate named Cobra. WIth the Psychogun attached to his left arm, Cobra had travelled across space with his partner Lady Armaroid. The two formed an infamous team feared by authorities and loathed by the Pirate Guild—a conglomerate of the most powerful pirates in the galaxy,Back on Earth, an encounter at a casino changes Johnson’s life, as his winnings bring him face-to-face with the manager—Pirate Guild boss Vaiken, whom he’d seen defeated by Cobra in his dream. Recognizing Johnson as the disguised Cobra, Vaiken attempts to exact revenge—but instead activates the Psychogun hidden under Johnson’s left arm, triggering his repressed memories and alerting Lady Armaroid.Now after besting Vaiken once again and with his memories restored, Cobra leaves hiding and sets out to stop the Pirate Guild’s interstellar mafia. He and Lady Armaroid traverse space, continuing their life of high-stakes adventure while aiding those wronged by the Guild’s members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The surrealist world of Tenshi no Tamago is desolate and devoid of the bustle of traditional everyday life. Instead, the world is filled with ominous phenomena, including floating orbs populated with statues of goddesses, gargantuan army tanks that seem to move unmanned, armies of fishermen who chase after the shadows of nonexistent fish, and caverns solely decorated with glass vessels of water.In this run-down world, a young girl takes care of a large egg and scavenges for food and drink. She encounters a mysterious man with a cross over his shoulder, who soon becomes curious about who she is and what her egg contains. They decide to explore the lost and broken landscape together, questioning each other about the nature of faith, the purpose of the world, and the origins of their lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The film will revolve around a mystery that happens on the day of the "Justice Day" festival that celebrates Sternbild's legendary goddess.(Source: ANN)As part of a mysterious contract agreed upon by a goddess and his parents years ago, Makoto Misumi finds himself sent to another world to meet the goddess and become the hero. However, the deity deems Makoto to be "hideous," refusing to even lay eyes upon him and revokes his heroic title. Disdainfully giving him the ability to understand all languages except the human language as compensation, the goddess drives Makoto off to the farthest edges of the wasteland, far from human civilization.Due to the disparity between Earth and this new world, Makoto's inherent physical and magical capabilities awaken, making him extremely powerful. He meets various demihumans and mythical beings who all end up being captivated with his characteristics and join Makoto in building a new community where all of them can peacefully coexist.Nevertheless, despite this success, Makoto still yearns to meet fellow humans. In a world where the goddess herself has barred him from interacting with his kind, it is up to Makoto and his companions to fulfill his desire—and perhaps reform society along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having fulfilled their destiny during the events of  Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru, Sanshu Middle School's Hero Club—consisting of Yuuna Yuuki, Karin Miyoshi, and siblings Fuu and Itsuki Inubouzaki—is back in full swing, helping out those in need wherever they can. They have also gained a new member, a hero from the past named Sonoko Nogi. But eventually they notice that someone who should be among them, Mimori Tougou, is missing; any trace of her existence is completely gone, save for the girls' memories.With no leads on Tougou's whereabouts, the girls regain the ability to transform and begin the desperate search for their lost friend. But what they find is more shocking than any of them could ever have imagined, and the consequences of their actions begin to change life as they know it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Wanting to take her affection for Kobayashi a step further, dragon maid Tooru is confident in her latest creation: a love potion! With Valentine's Day just around the corner, Tooru decides there is no better way to use the potion than in homemade chocolates. However, on the special holiday, Tooru's plan is quickly foiled after Kobayashi sees through her heartfelt yet deceptive gift. Despite the unsuccessful attempt, many opportunities still await. Between the lively atmosphere and a trip to the hot springs, Kobayashi and the dragons indulge themselves in the sweet festivities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket Second Season (both limited and normal editions).As another year begins at Yuigaoka Girls' High School, ushering in a fresh batch of students, the school idol club Liella! is excited to expand their membership. However, Liella! is extremely popular due to the astounding talent they have continuously displayed; thus, new students lack the courage to even consider approaching the club, fearing the rigorous training that might lie ahead.Amid her worries, club leader and co-founder Kanon Shibuya meets first-year student Kinako Sakurakouji and tells her about the world of school idols. This leaves Kinako in awe, but being fairly average herself, she feels she would not be capable of matching the spirited performances of the brilliant Liella! members. Nonetheless, Kinako receives encouragement to join the group and comes to share their dream of reaching for the stars once again in the grand Love Live! Competition.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A team of three magical girls known as Tres Magia protects the town where Utena Hiiragi lives. Like many others, Utena loves these magical girls who valiantly fight in the name of justice. One day, a mysterious black mascot character appears before Utena and grants her the opportunity of a lifetime: a chance to transform into a magical girl.However, the offer is not what it seems, as Utena has been recruited for an evil organization to fight the magical girls she has always admired. Utena is then forced to confront Tres Magia in battle; but instead of feeling remorse, she unexpectedly finds pleasure in inflicting pain on the magical girls. Completely giving in to her desires, Utena embraces her role as a villain, slowly transforming her adoration for magical girls into a new sadistic obsession.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Touto Stadium, a J. League soccer match is taking place. During this, Detective Kogorou Mouri receives a bomb threat from an unknown caller and a mysterious riddle that points to its location. Conan Edogawa must now save the fans of the game before the time runs out.Fortunately, with Conan's quick actions and clever thinking, the bomb is discovered and the explosion is evaded. The culprit does not stop there; Detective Kogorou is informed of another hidden bomb set to explode at a large event in the city. Forced into a race against time, with thousands of more lives at stake, Conan must decipher another riddle, discover the place of the bomb, and catch the culprit in order to escape a terrible tragedy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hiyori Iki is excited to start high school alongside her two middle school friends, but "Delivery God" Yato seems to have other plans for the day. Will Hiyori be able to make a good impression on her first day? Or will Yato cost her a happy high school life?On another day, Hiyori decides to take advantage of the beautiful weather and invites a number of people to gaze at the cherry blossoms, including the fearsome combat god, Bishamon. But how long will their blissful day last when Yato and his old rival Bishamon start to drink together? [Written by MAL Rewrite]The special will revisit the childhood past of the three sworn brothers Luffy, Ace, and Sabo, when they all dreamed of becoming pirates. In addition, it will depict how Sabo originally came into the kingdom of Dressrosa (which was not depicted in Eiichiro Oda's original manga or the television anime), as well as his reunion with Luffy from his point of view.This two-part OVA is a series of shorts in relation to the School Rumble series. This OVA fills in gaps with new content between episodes from beginning to nearly the end.(Source: ANN)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Bundled with the limited edition 15th volume of the manga.Chapters adapted1. Volume 10, Chapter 41: Shirayuki to Zen, Hajimete no Joukamachi Date (白雪とゼン、はじめての城下町デート)2. Volume 7, Special Chapter: Raji Ouji Youshou no Migiri (ラジ王子幼少のみぎり)3. Volume 11, Special Chapter: Hajimari no Zen & Mitsuhide & Kiki (始まりのゼン＆ミツヒデ＆木々)On the beautiful banks of the Arakawa River, it is lively as ever. Now known as "Recruit," Kou Ichinomiya has adjusted to the troubles his unconventional neighbors brew daily. However, the atypical scene is about to get even rowdier when their community adds a couple of oddball enthusiasts: a tall, muscular woman calling herself Amazoness, followed by her loyal Tengu henchmen; and Captain, self-proclaimed Commander of Earth's Defense Force against Venusians. In spite of all the commotion, Recruit gradually learns more about his lover Nino and the story that shaped her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Kingdom of Midland, a mercenary named Guts wanders the land, preferring a life of conflict over a life of peace. Despite the odds never being in his favor, he is an unstoppable force that overcomes every opponent, wielding a massive sword larger than himself.One day, Griffith, the mysterious leader of the mercenary group Band of the Hawk, witnesses the warrior's battle prowess and invites the wandering swordsman to join his squadron. Rejecting the offer, Guts challenges Griffith to a duel—and, much to the former's surprise, is subsequently defeated and forced to join.Now, Guts must fight alongside Griffith and his crew to help Midland defeat the Empire of Chuder. However, Griffith seems to harbor ulterior motives, desiring something much larger than just settling the war...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Break Blade movie.The Yamadas and Chi move to a new apartment house, where keeping a pet is allowed.Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life. (Source: ANN)When approached by a fellow death god tempted to visit the human realm, Ryuk recounts his own journey to the other side and the story of Light Yagami—a brilliant young man who impressed him there. One day at school, Light stumbles upon Ryuk's lost Death Note and realizes it is not an ordinary notebook. He learns that it has the ability to kill every person whose name is written inside, provided that the user can visualize the victim's face. Having long deplored the decadence of current society, Light believes this sinister weapon offers him an unexpected opportunity: to eradicate all evil and bring about a new ideal world.Following a string of fatal heart attacks, the authorities start to suspect that the alarming number of dead criminals is not coincidental. Determined to uncover the mysterious culprit, they join forces with L, an internationally renowned detective. As the death count escalates, Light and L clash in a breathtaking confrontation of wits and deception—a duel that will decide the future of humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Spontaneous Human Combustion: a chaotic phenomenon that has plagued humanity for years, randomly transforming ordinary people into flaming, violent creatures known as Infernals. While Infernals make up the first-generation accounts of Human Combustion, the second and third generations became known as pyrokinetics—people gifted with the ability to manipulate and control their flames while remaining human. To combat the Infernal threat and discover the cause, the Tokyo Armed Forces, Fire Defense Agency, and Holy Church of Sol produced their answer: the Special Fire Force.Young and eager third-generation pyrokinetic Shinra Kusakabe, nicknamed Devil's Footprints for his explosive ability to ignite his feet at will, becomes a member of the lively Special Fire Force Company 8. Upholding the brigade's duty to extinguish the blazing Infernals and lay their souls to rest, Shinra is determined to become a hero who will save the lives of those threatened by the flame terror.However, this is not the hero's game Shinra imagined. The Fire Force is a fractured mess of feuding brigades, abnormal Infernal sightings are increasing all over Tokyo, and a shadowy group is claiming to have answers to the strange fire that caused the death of Shinra's family 12 years ago. Faced with many obstacles within and outside the Fire Force, Shinra fights to uncover the truth behind the burning mysteries that have kept him in the dark.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan.Nekoma High School's volleyball team recruits a new member: the half-Japanese, half-Russian Lev Haiba. Though the self-proclaimed ace is blessed with great height, he lacks basic volleyball techniques. This gives the team's setter, Kenma Kozume, a hard time when matching up with him.To everyone's surprise, Nekoma's coach suggests that Lev play in the Kunihira Senior High School's practice match, leaving Kenma no choice but to cooperate with the tall player. Will Kenma be able to overcome this new challenge?[Written by MAL Rewrite]As she heads off to her entrance ceremony at Sainotama Girls' High School, Akane Kikuchi muses over her grade school dream of becoming a manga artist and the lack of progress that she has made. When she finally arrives at school, she is surprised to learn that she is once again in the same class as her two best friends: the deadpan and emotionless Shiori Saginomiya and the hyperactive and ridiculous Nozomu Tanaka. Tanaka then comes to the obvious realization that she can't achieve her grade school dream of being popular with the boys and getting a boyfriend by going to an all-girls high school.In desperation, she begins asking the girls in her class to introduce her to their guy friends. Her classmates, however, are anything but ordinary. From a grandmother-loving loli to a reclusive chuunibyou to an overly analytical stalker, each one is given a fitting nickname by Tanaka to accentuate their weirdness. And so begin the wasteful days of these high school girls, each day kicked off with a simple question: "Hey, wanna hear something amazing?"[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yui Yamada, a high school girl with a fondness for plants and gardening, starts dating Tomoka Kase, the ace of her school's track team. Yui is shy, girly, and has never been in a relationship. On the other hand, Tomoka is vivacious, tomboyish, and popular among her friends. Despite being different in so many ways, they try to understand and support each other while experiencing the rush of exhilaration that accompanies the magic of first love.Asagao to Kase-san is a heartwarming tale of two girls dealing with their ever-increasing feelings for each other along with other concerns that plague the hearts of maidens in love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An unusual snow storm hits Tokyo and the Sailor Senshi discover that an evil snow queen Kaguya, wants to freeze the entire earth. It's up to the Inner Sailor Senshi along with the Outers, to defeat the Queen. Meanwhile, Luna falls in love with a human astronomer named Kakeru whose girlfriend is an astronaut about to take a space shuttle mission. Kakeru becomes ill and Luna wishes she could be a human to help him. Everybody has had that stage in their life where they have thought themselves to be special, different from the masses of ordinary humans. They might go as far as seeing themselves capable of wielding mystical powers, or maybe even believe themselves to have descended from a fantasy realm. This "disease" is known as "chuunibyou" and is often the source of some of the most embarrassing moments of a person's life.For Yuuta Togashi, the scars that his chuunibyou has left behind are still fresh. Having posed as the "Dark Flame Master" during his middle school years, he looks back at those times with extreme embarrassment, so much so that he decides to attend a high school far away where nobody will recognize him. Putting his dark history behind him, he longs to live a normal high school life.Unfortunately, he hasn't escaped his past yet: enter Rikka Takanashi, Yuuta's new classmate and self-declared vessel of the "Wicked Eye." As this eccentric young girl crashes into Yuuta's life, his dream of an ordinary, chuunibyou-free life quickly crumbles away. In this hilarious and heartwarming story of a boy who just wants to leave his embarrassing memories behind, the delusions of old are far from a thing of the past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miyu is an 8th grade girl, whose parents have been hired by NASA. They take off to America leaving Miyu with Mr. Saionji. Later, Mr. Saionji decides to go on a 1 year long trip to India leaving Miyu alone with his son, Kanata. More complications rise when an Alien baby and his babysitter pet crashes/lands in their house. To make things worse, alien baby starts calling Miyu and Kanata Mom and Dad, also showing ESP power and floating around. (Source: ANN)Specials bundled with the Blu-ray/DVDs.In a world inhabited by people only a few inches tall, young women Hakumei and Mikochi live together in a house built into a tree. Hakumei is an energetic and tomboyish carpenter, while Mikochi is a feminine and calm tailor. Despite their differences, they get along well and spend their days having fun living their lives in the woods.The two of them spend their time working, going on sightseeing adventures, and taking shopping trips into Tsumiki Marketplace by the ocean. They make many friends along the way, be they sentient woodland creatures like Iwashi the Weasel or fellow miniature people such as the songstress Konju and the inventor Sen.Hakumei to Mikochi is a relaxing look into the day-to-day lives of its titular characters as they explore and interact with their tiny world which seems to be straight out of a fairy tale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second part of two Hakuouki movies.On her first day of work at her father's small production agency, Tsumugi Takanashi was not expecting to be made the manager of the agency's new male idol group. Though shocked that her father is trusting her with such a major project so soon, Tsumugi vows to do everything she can to support the seven young boys. After seeing how well the boys work as a team, Tsumugi meets with her father and learns that her first job as manager will be to cut four boys from the group. This is because her father believes seven idols are too much to manage, and the current top group, TRIGGER, only has three members.After holding an impromptu audition, Tsumugi returns to her father and boldly declares that she refuses to cut anyone from the group, as each member has a unique allure which collectively enhances the group's appeal. She returns to the boys and they are thrilled that none of them will get to miss out on their dreams. Together they become IDOLiSH7, and prepare to take on the fiercely competitive world of idols.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the studio of the morning childrens' show "Together with Mama," a crew of miserable adults prepares their facades of amicable smiles and cheerful exteriors to educate a group of innocent preschoolers. In the middle of it stands Uramichi Omota, a former gymnast who can't help but bring the kids down to earth by revealing the harsh and depressing reality of adulthood, even in front of the rolling cameras.Behind the scenes, Uramichi's much-desired peace is disturbed by his two bothersome juniors who work as the show's rabbit and bear mascots and singers: Utano Tadano, a woman who only wishes to get married; and Iketeru Daga, a handsome man with a crass sense of humor. From smoking and exercising to nihilistic outbursts, everyone's big brother Uramichi always brings up the not-so-moral side to his life lessons.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Daddy Long Legs is based on the novel of the same name by Jean Webster. It chronicles the adventures of Judy Abbott, an orphan in New York. During a meeting for the superintendent, with other important and rich people in attendance, a scholarship is offered to Judy by a mysterious benefactor. Catching only a glimpse of his tall shadow as he leaves, Judy calls him "Daddy Long Legs" and writes him letters every month as per his request. While studying at the Lincoln Memorial school, she makes many friends and learns about a world she never knew about before. (Source: ANN)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.It is the year 2004 AD, and pandemonium breaks as a mysterious frog-like alien race fills the sky with UFOs—or so 12-year-old Fuyuki Hinata dreams. Coincidentally, Sergeant Keroro, leader of a preliminary squad for the Keronian invasion of Pekopon—the alien name for Earth—begins his mission by invading Fuyuki's home. After subduing the boy and his sister, Keroro plans to reunite with his comrades and return to the mothership to repair his invaluable invasion device, the Kero Ball. Unfortunately, he receives word that headquarters has abandoned his unit's retrieval due to an unprecedented issue that forced the rest of the Keronians to flee. Consequently, Keroro is forced to stay at the Hinata residence together with the friendly, starry-eyed Fuyuki; his athletic, short-tempered sister Natsumi; and their hardworking, attractive mother Aki. Now stuck until further notice, Keroro and his platoon spend each day plotting world domination, but are thwarted each and every time by various unexpected factors. Nevertheless, as they live alongside humans, they learn to treat them as friends and allies, forming comedic yet meaningful connections that make their lives on Earth worthwhile.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Long ago, there was a monk named Myoue who could bring anything he drew to life. He quietly lived with his wife Koto—a black rabbit in human form—and their three children: Yakushimaru, Kurama, and Yase. One day, the high priest of the land concluded that Myoue's drawings caused too many problems for the locals and ordered him to find a solution. In response, the family secretly fled to an alternate world of Myoue's own creation—the Looking Glass City.Everything was peaceful until Myoue and Koto suddenly vanished. Their three children are left to take care of the city, and Yakushimaru inherits Myoue's name and duties. Stranded in this alternate world, their problems only get worse when a young girl—also named Koto—crashes down from the sky and declares that she is also looking for the older Myoue and Koto. Armed with a giant hammer and two rowdy familiars, Koto just might be the key to releasing everyone from the eternal paper city.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The extremely talented siblings Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba shine bright in their own right as they start their second year at First High School, the premier institute for magicians. Seeing as the pair are inseparable, it seems unimaginable that their loving bond did not exist just four years ago. Back then, the middle schooler Miyuki was uncomfortable around her older brother. She and her family thought of Tatsuya as nothing more than a lowly servant to perform guardian duties for Miyuki; a mere tool lacking emotions and his own will. However, their relationship was fated to change forever once their innocuous family trip to Okinawa transformed into a life-threatening incident.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unusual things have been happening in Moominvalley. Moomin, Sniff and Mee leave for the Observatory on the Lonely Mountains to confirm the Muskrat's words: a comet is about to hit Moominvalley and destroy everything. On the way they meet Snufkin, the Hemulen and the Snorks and experience many adventures. (Source: ANN)​It has been a year since Aoba Suzukaze started working at the Eagle Jump game company. In that time, she and her eccentric coworkers in the character design department have worked hard to release the company's newest game: Fairies Story 3. With their latest title now complete, a new project must begin—starting with a contest to decide the character designs for the upcoming game. Through hard work, dedication, and some guidance from the previous character designer, Kou Yagami, Aoba wins the contest and begins her new role as lead character designer.However, her new job is not an easy one. In addition to having extra work and longer hours, Aoba questions whether she is the right fit for the job. As she overcomes her inexperience with the help of her friends and coworkers, Aoba is willing to face any challenge to make Eagle Jump's newest creation, a cutesy game called Peco.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story begins at about 100 years after the disappearance of Otome Yamabuki, Rihan Nura's first wife. Rihan has finally pulled himself together and his life returns to normal. As the head of the Nura Clan, he's busy working on building a harmonious world for humans and youkais. One day, he sees Setsura being upset so he decides to cheer her up by taking the clan to go enjoy the hot spring where Setsura makes up her mind to tell Rihan that she met Otome once after she left him about 100 years ago. She tells him the message that Otome left for him and the truth is...? (Source: Mangahere.com) Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of One Punch Man.Before Saitama became the man he is today, he trained and fought endlessly to become a hero. While every scuffle leaves his tracksuit uniform in tatters, he always has it mended for free thanks to his local tailor. One day, however, the tailor informs him that he must close up shop due to pressure from a local gang. Saitama decides to help him out—and gains something irreplaceable in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a series of misfortunes, the stressed-out Haru quits her corporate job in favor of working as a concierge at the Pokémon Resort. Managed by the cheerful Watanabe, the Pokémon Resort is a place where both people and Pokémon come to unwind. While Haru finds it difficult to abandon the priorities of her past life, this new job is just right for learning to relax and focus on what matters the most in life: companionship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sent to an all-girls boarding school due to her father's overseas job, Sara Crewe is a promising young girl who excels both academically and socially in her new life in London. However, her world is turned upside down when she is called into the headmistress' office and informed of news that no child wants to hear: her father has passed away. Now an orphan, Sara is stripped of her status as a student and is forced to work in the boarding school as a maid in order to support herself. To make matters worse, her once friendly peers suddenly turn against her upon hearing about her fall from wealth. Coming to terms with the unfortunate situation she faces, Sara must learn to persevere and form new friendships in order to regain her dignity as well as her identity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to the incredible success of the Sibyl System, Japan has begun exporting the technology to other countries with the hope that it will one day be used all around the world. In order to test its effectiveness in a foreign location, the war-torn state of the South East Asian Union (SEAUn) decides to implement the system, hoping to bring peace and stability to the town of Shambala Float and keep the population in check.However, a group of anti-Sibyl terrorists arrive in Japan, and the Ministry of Welfare's Public Safety Bureau discovers significant evidence that the invaders are being aided by Shinya Kougami, a former Enforcer who went rogue. Because of their past relationship, Akane Tsunemori is sent to SEAUn to bring him back, but with their last meeting years in the past, their reunion might not go quite as planned.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Is a summary of the Saga Hades Sanctuary from the perspective of the golden knights resurrected, especially Shura, Camus and Saga.The second part of Junjou Romantica continuing the story.OVAs that come with the limited premium edition of volumes 16 and 20 of the manga series.Compilation movie of the TV series which includes new scenes that were not adapted in the television anime, and different perspectives.Kakushi Gotou is a somewhat popular manga artist whose works are known for inappropriate content. Because of this raunchiness, when his daughter Hime was born, he vowed to keep his profession hidden from her, believing that she will be disillusioned if she finds out.This paranoia-induced belief leads Kakushi into hectic situations. Despite being a single father, he does his best and often resorts to extreme ends just to protect his secret, such as guising as a salaryman every day or holding emergency drills in case Hime somehow finds her way to his workplace.Kakushigoto tells the story of a father and daughter living side by side, maintaining their peaceful existence as the father attempts to preserve the status quo. However, there is a saying: "there are no secrets that time cannot reveal." In time, Hime must learn the reality behind the things she took for granted as she grew up.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having a friend that knows you inside out should be a good thing, but in Nishikata's case, the opposite is true.His classmate Takagi loves to tease him on a daily basis, and she uses her extensive knowledge of his behavior to predict exactly how he will react to her teasing, making it nearly impossible for Nishikata to ever make a successful comeback. Despite this, Nishikata vows to someday give Takagi a taste of her own medicine by making her blush out of embarrassment from his teasing.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is Universal Century 0093. Char Aznable has taken command of Neo Zeon, the rebels of outer space. He firmly believes that humankind can only achieve peace by relocating to space. Thus, he plans to crash the giant asteroid Axis into Earth and plunge the planet into an uninhabitable winter. Char also eagerly anticipates this opportunity to settle a 14-year rivalry with Amuro Ray. The two have been reluctant allies at times, but Char has never forgiven Amuro for causing the death of one of his comrades during the One Year War.Only the Earth Federation's Londo Bell Unit has the power to stop Char from fulfilling his dangerous goal. Leading the defense of Earth is veteran captain Bright Noa and Amuro Ray with the latest Nu Gundam mobile suit. In this thrilling conclusion to the original Gundam series, Londo Bell engages in a final conflict with Neo Zeon that will decide the fate of Earth and end this long-standing rivalry—once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Half a year has passed. Arriving in the Iron Fortress, Ikoma and Mumei set foot in Unato: another ravaged zone that fell into the grip of the deadly Kabane.In this war-torn zone, the group fends off more dangerous Kabane that are attacking with patterns they had never seen before. The Iron Fortress crew eventually meet up with a survival group which requests their aid in reclaiming the zone. The newly forged alliance ventures deeper into the area of the castle and investigates the peculiar case of these new Kabane. But their search for answers unearths truths that are far more horrifying than they imagined. Forced to confront the reality behind the Kabane, Ikoma, Mumei, and their allies come to realize the despair buried within Unato.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The main additions in "Little Busters! Ecstasy" are 3 heroine routes involving the characters Futaki Kanata, Sasasegawa Sasami and Tokido Saya.The 3 EX heroines' routes take place of the following:Saya's route - Before the events of Refrain.Sasami's route - After the events of Refrain.Kanata's route - First half of her story is before Refrain and second half is after Refrain.The episodes will be bundled with the BD/DVD releases of Little Busters!: Refrain.The rivalry between three piano geniuses in Towa Hall starts with the prodigy Kousei Arima. While his emotive first performance enamors the free-spirited Emi Igawa, Kousei eventually evolves his technique to become exact and precise, finding himself a new follower in the eccentric Takeshi Aiza. Unbeknownst to outsiders, the two other players begin to target Kousei with their respective performances. Emi attempts to convert Kousei back to his old self with her vibrant playing, while Aiza turns his admiration for Kousei into motivation to beat him at his own game.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The United Earth Sphere Alliance is a powerful military organization that has ruled over Earth and space colonies with an iron fist for several decades. When the colonies proclaimed their opposition to this, their leader was assassinated. Now, in the year After Colony 195, bitter colonial rebels have launched "Operation Meteor," sending five powerful mobile suits to Earth for vengeance. Built out of virtually indestructible material called Gundanium Alloy, these "Gundams" begin an assault against the Alliance and its sub organization OZ.One Gundam, whose pilot has taken the name of the slain colony leader Heero Yuy, is forced to make a crash landing into the ocean after an atmospheric battle against OZ's ace pilot Zechs Marquise. Upon coming ashore, he is found by Relena Peacecraft, daughter of a peace-seeking politician, who witnesses Heero's descent to Earth. Although neither of them realize it yet, this encounter will have a profound impact on both their lives, as well as those on Earth and in space colonies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The day Lee Joon joins Minsong University to reunite with Kim Margo, his high school crush, he is attacked by his new neighbor Lee Duna, a gorgeous former idol. Violent and impulsive, Duna turns Joon's world upside down. Later, to Joon's confusion, Margo seems incapable of making time to meet with him. To add to his dismay, Joon meets fellow student Choi Ira at a party. She becomes enamored with him after the pair partake in a risqué game. As Joon progressively discovers the truth about Duna's troubled past and Margo's harsh family conditions, he tries to sort out his tangled feelings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shi Miao is still stuck with her irresponsible elder brother Shi Fen, who lives in neverending fear of his younger sister's stormy temper. As the siblings continue enjoying their carefree high school days alongside their friends and classmates, they realize that there truly is no cure for family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the first time ever, the members of Shoushukan High School's Rhythmic Gymnastics Club have qualified for regionals and proceed to set their sights on the Inter-High title. Unbridled excitement permeates the air as the club members prepare and practice their routine, hoping to leave with no regrets, no matter the outcome.Aware that this marks the final tournament for their club's third-year members, the team is more determined than ever to shine the brightest on the competition's biggest stage. However, the pressure of this grand event, on top of some personal troubles, may soon prove too much to handle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite the recent Akuma attack, the members of the Black Order are in high spirits as they set about moving to a new base. Immediately upon his arrival, however, Allen Walker is suddenly called by the Central Agency and has his arm forcefully sealed by the Order. He is then led to a surprising meeting with his master, General Cross Marian, who reveals staggering secrets surrounding the enigmatic 14th Noah.A phantom thief incident, the arrival of a mysterious group of Exorcists, the death of an important comrade, and an all-out battle against the Noah Family—just what does this mean for Allen, Yuu Kanda, and the rest of the Order? This is but the beginning of a series of strange, seemingly unconnected events that lead to something far greater.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takato Saijou and Junta Azumaya—Japan's sexiest men—perform wonders together as co-stars. Their next joint assignment is to act in a play featuring a flamenco showdown, but Junta once again holds an advantage due to his ancestry and because Takato has never danced before. Fueled by his ceaseless desire to outshine Junta, Takato decides to travel to southern Spain and learn firsthand the passion needed to perform the demanding dance.In the warm and friendly Spanish streets, Takato meets a wonderful flamenco dancer, an older handsome gentleman by the name of Ceres. Although Takato wishes to learn from him, his plans are soon interrupted by Junta's arrival in the area to visit his grandfather's hometown. Now, aside from struggling to reach Junta's skill level, Takato must also deal with Junta's family and face off against Antonio—an unexpected rival for Junta's love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Doraemon (2005) is the most recent anime series based on Fujiko Fujio's manga of the same name. It is the 2005 version of 1979 series, with certain changes in the animation and other things.Doraemon is a cat-like robot who appears in the present to steer Nobita/Noby, who is a dumb, naive and clumsy boy on the right path in order to secure his future. Nobita's love interest is Shizuka Minamoto/Sue, his frenemies are Takeshi Goda/Big G and Suneo/Sneech.(Source: Wikipedia)Remastered version of the Majin Buu saga that adheres more to the manga's story.After the accident in which she lost her mother, 16-year-old Tooru moves in with her grandfather, but due to his home being renovated, is unable to continue living with him. Claiming she will find someone to stay with but also fearing the criticism of her family and not wanting to burden any of her friends, Tooru resorts to secretly living on her own in a tent in the woods.One night on her way back from work, she finds her tent buried underneath a landslide. Yuki Souma, the "prince" of her school, and his cousin Shigure Souma, a famous author, stumble across Tooru's situation and invite her to stay with them until her grandfather's home renovations are complete.Upon arriving at the Souma house, Tooru discovers their secret: if a Souma is hugged by someone of the opposite gender, they temporarily transform into one of the animals of the zodiac! However, this strange phenomenon is no laughing matter; rather, it is a terrible curse that holds a dark history. As she continues her journey, meeting more members of the zodiac family, will Tooru's kindhearted yet resilient nature be enough to prepare her for what lies behind the Souma household's doors?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kajika Louisa Kugami Burnsworth is the only daughter of Harry Burnsworth, an influential and respected industrialist who has the power to move the world. There was a threat on Kajika’s life when she was just two years old, and her mother died protecting her. After this tragic incident, Harry sent his only child to an isolated island, Giviolle, where she was raised by the island’s native, Maria. Kajika’s companions during her time there include a white leopard named Mustafa and a boy named Li Ren Fang, who visited her two or three times a year.Kajika, now fourteen, returns to her father's side, only to be told to begin a game to find her future husband. Harry makes sure that Kajika willingly participates in this game by telling her that she needs to face the harshness of her fate along with the man she chooses to be her husband. She needs to decide among the three candidates that Harry has personally chosen, but it won’t be easy. Kajika must figure out who they are and where they are without any information to go on except that they all possess an irresistible brilliance and charm. All the while, the men aren't even aware that they are the chosen ones. Kajika must also choose wisely, as her partner has to willingly accept her to be his bride.Hansakeru Seishounen revolves around endearing love, intense passion, noble friendship, undying loyalty, family relations, and political intrigue. The heaviness of Kajika’s fate is real, the threat on Kajika’s life is inevitable, and the husband game is more than just a mere game. Harry needs to find a suitable partner to protect his daughter before someone discovers Kajika’s deep secret—a secret even she is unaware of.Yokosuka Girls' Marine High School is bustling as they welcome other all-girls maritime high schools for interschool competitive games. Full of excitement, students from different years gather and interact with one another as the festivals and tournaments commence.In the meantime, mixed feelings fill Akeno Misaki—captain of the distinguished Harekaze class—and her executive officer Mashiro Munetani when their instructor informs them of an opportunity for Mashiro to lead the Hiei class. As a result, Mashiro needs to make the difficult decision soon, and Akeno needs to confront the state of the situation.The pair face another challenge after Yokosuka finds itself in another pinch. A group of pirates has captured a water purification plant and sea fortress, threatening the safety of the sea. Akeno and Mashiro now must command the Harekaze class in the midst of a dire predicament—all while dealing with their own difficulties.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Effeminate fifth grader Shuuichi Nitori is considered by most to be one of the prettiest girls in school, but much to her dismay, she is actually biologically male. Fortunately, Shuuichi has a childhood friend who has similar feelings of discomfort related to gender identity: the lanky tomboy Yoshino Takatsuki, who, though biologically female, does not identify as a girl. These two friends share a similar secret and find solace in one another; however, their lives become even more complicated when they must tread the unfamiliar waters of a new school, attempt to make new friends, and struggle to maintain old ones. Faced with nearly insurmountable odds, they must learn to deal with the harsh realities of growing up, being transgender, relationships, and acceptance.Lauded as a decidedly serious take on gender identity and LGBT struggles, Takako Shimura's Hourou Musuko is about Shuuichi and Yoshino's attempts to discover their true selves as they enter puberty, make friends, fall in love, and face some very real and difficult choices.Set in the near future, humanity enters another energy revolution following the discovery of Photon Power. Derived from the ore discovered under the foothills of Mt. Fuji, its intended use was to solve the world's energy problems with its unimaginable power. Seeking this energy is Dr. Hell, a madman craving world domination who with his subordinates Baron Ashura, Count Brocken and Viscount Pygman, commands an army of mechanical beasts excavated from the ruins of ancient Greece to seize the Photon Power Lab for himself. Meeting the attack head on is the hot-blooded teenager Kabuto Kouji, who pilots the Photon Powered robot built by his grandfather, Mazinger Z. But in this battle between Dr. Hell and the Kabuto family, many legends surrounding the Mycenaean Civilization and Bardos Island, as well as the secrets of Mazinger Z remain shrouded in mystery.A new series based on the mecha show that started it all, Mazinger Z. Shin Mazinger Shougeki! Z-Hen starts over from the beginning with a new cast, to tell a new story unrelated to the original show.(Source: shin-mazinger.com)Hikaru Hoshina is an energetic middle school student with a love for space and the occult. As she draws constellations in her notebook, a small and fluffy creature suddenly appears from it! The creature, which she names Fuwa, turns out to be an alien with the ability to create warp holes. When Fuwa's companions, the aliens Lala Hagoromo and Prunce, arrive on Earth, they declare that they are searching for the Precure, legendary warriors who will save the universe. But an organization known as the Notraiders soon follows and attacks, intending to capture Fuwa and its power. Overcome by a desire to protect Fuwa, Hikaru finds herself transforming into "Cure Star," one of the Precure that Lala and the others have been searching for!It is now up to Hikaru and the rest to fend off the Notraiders' onslaught, discover the rest of the Precure, and find the Star Color Pens, artifacts that will awaken the 12 Star Princess who keep the universe in balance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After vanquishing another boss and stepping through the gates of the fifth floor, the misfit duo Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya and Asuna Yuuki are greeted with a beautiful landscape of crumbling ruins and catacombs steeped in mystery. This idyllic adventure is short-lived, however. Tensions between the Dragon’s Knights Brigade and the Aincrad Liberation Squad—the two leading guilds focused on clearing Sword Art Online—continue to rise and threaten the fragile stability of the frontline raiding group. Kirito and Asuna are forced to act quickly, making a desperate gamble and gathering a small number of allies for a dangerous mission. As a result, Asuna and Misumi "Mito" Tozawa must come to terms with their relationship after the near-tragedy that forced them apart on the first floor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first movie of a four-part finale of Tamayura.Yahari Ore no Seishun Love Comedy wa Machigatteiru. Kan: Dakara, Shishunki wa Owarazu ni, Seishun wa Tsuzuiteiku. adapts selected events from the Shin bonus novels that were released with the Season 3 BDs. Akari Akaza, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, Kyouko Toshinou, and Yui Funami return to commemorate an exciting occasion! Despite their initial bizarre celebration ideas, they decide to hold a party at their Amusement Club room. With the help of friends from the Student Council, they start preparing for the big day—with a surprise planned for a special someone.Join the girls as they work together to create an enjoyable and memorable party, all the while interacting with one another with their cute and unique quirks.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As preparations begin for Seishou Music Academy's yearly Seishou Festival, the girls of the 99th class are gearing up to perform their very own rendition of Starlight, the tragic tale of two goddesses drawn together by the glow of the heavens but destined to be pulled apart, never to meet again. Created to foster the next generation of theatrical talent, this girls' only school works to improve the singing, acting, and dancing skills of its students.One student is 16-year-old Karen Aijou, an easygoing girl who has dreamed of performing on stage since she was a child. Her love for theater is further invigorated when her childhood friend Hikari Kagura transfers to Seishou Academy. Through her old friend, Karen stumbles upon a secret elevator leading to a massive theater underneath the school. Hosted by a talking giraffe, this arena serves as a battleground where her classmates participate in duels to determine who among them deserves the title of "Top Star," earning them the right to play one of the lead roles in Starlight. Emboldened by the promise she made with Hikari to someday be stars together, Karen enters these mysterious battles in the hopes of making their dream a reality.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second half of Kengan Ashura.Peace has returned to Honnouji Academy at last, and now that it has served its original purpose, the unique high school is set to be shut down within a month. However, there is still one final event that must take place: the graduation ceremony. As each member of the student council prepares to leave their past selves behind to focus on what they would like to do in the future, Satsuki Kiryuuin struggles to find her own path, having lost her resolve after finally achieving victory.But just before she is to give her speech to the student body, the ceremony is disrupted by mysterious beings that are identical to the student council members. As Ryuuko Matoi and the Elite Four prepare for battle once more, they quickly discover that the one pulling the strings is an old enemy who has returned to take revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hajime Kindaichi once again becomes embroiled in solving baffling cases and deciphering puzzling crimes that would confound the most seasoned of detectives. Whether it's a gruesome murder and shady circumstances surrounding the Japanese board game Go; a perplexing and macabre case involving a mysterious character, "Rosenkreutz," and blue roses; or blood curdling crimes associated with an urban legend at a winter ski resort – Hajime is out to crack them all!(Source: YTV)After a long journey, Kino and Hermes finally arrive at their destination—a very beautiful and clean country with many skyscrapers. Unlike the other places they have visited so far, the country's landscape is a little peculiar. Although the countryside appears to be farmland, the area seems to be abandoned. Filled with old and damaged buildings, there is no sign of life. In contrast, the city is hidden within a mountain, confined under a fabricated sky that is generated by advanced technology. The highly developed city is focused on healthcare, practicing strict hygiene regulations and aiming to turn its citizens into the healthiest of people.However, despite being in a beautiful and clean environment, Kino cannot help but feel a sense of uneasiness. The town's air slightly contains a peculiar smell, and there are no birds to be seen flying in the skies, bringing a sense of mystery and dizziness to the scenery. After all, as an experienced traveler, Kino knows that looks can be deceiving and that the town may not be what they had initially expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Nijigasaki High School Idol Club continues to gain popularity as its reputation grows, even catching the attention of aspiring school idol Zhong Lanzhu. However, when Lanzhu visits the club and interacts with its members, she realizes that their ideals differ from her own. This sparks the beginning of a rivalry between Lanzhu and the club members, as she challenges them to see who can captivate a larger audience at the upcoming School Idol Festival. Thus, the school idol club starts a new chapter in its quest to achieve idol stardom. Being more united than ever before, the girls continue to practice for the festival—wanting to show Lanzhu what it truly means to be a school idol.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The warship Aegis Destroyer is conducting public exercises in Maizuru Bay where, coincidentally, a suspicious foreign ship was recently spotted. Conan Edogawa, Ran Mouri, Kogorou Mouri, Sonoko Suzuki, and the Detective Boys all receive a ticket to attend this event. However, while the ongoing military operations are underway, one of the crew members comes across a lieutenant's severed left arm. Conan later discovers that a foreign spy may have infiltrated the warship to obtain classified information by any means necessary. If the information were to leak, Japan's line of defense would be exposed, leaving the country unprotected from hostile attack.With the help of the police at sea while other friends and allies investigate on the mainland, Conan must now prevent this national crisis and identify the spy for the sake of Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A bombing case at Nichiuri TV in autumn. The Satsuki Cup, which crowns the winner of Japan's Hyakunin Isshu, is currently being filmed inside the facility. The incident results in a big commotion and, while the building is burning to ashes, the only people left inside are Heiji and Kazuha. They get rescued just in time by Conan, who rushes to the scene. Both the identity and purposes of the bomber are unknown.While confusion takes over due to the explosion, Conan meets a mysterious beautiful girl who claims she is "Heiji's fiancée". Her name is Momiji Ooka and she is the Kyoto High School champion of the Karuta game. As fate would have it, Kazuha is going to face Momiji in the Hyakunin Isshu, so she begins to train with the help of Heiji's mother, Shizuka, who is a skilled Karuta player.At the same time, in a Japanese house in Arashiyama, Kyoto's outskirts, the reigning Satsuki Cup champion is murdered. Pictures of the crime scene reveal Momji's presence. Additionally, several Karuta cards were spread around the victim.Conan and Heiji, along with the Osaka and Kyoto police departments, begin their investigation on the Satsuki Cup and the related murder case. As the inquiry goes on, they come across a secret connected with the Hyakunin Isshu. (Source: Detective Conan Wiki)Returning home to Konohagakure, the young ninja celebrate defeating a group of supposed Akatsuki members. Naruto Uzumaki and Sakura Haruno, however, feel differently. Naruto is jealous of his comrades' congratulatory families, wishing for the presence of his own parents. Sakura, on the other hand, is angry at her embarrassing parents, and wishes for no parents at all. The two clash over their opposing ideals, but are faced with a more pressing matter when the masked Madara Uchiha suddenly appears and transports them to an alternate world.In this world, Sakura's parents are considered heroes—for they gave their lives to protect Konohagakure from the Nine-Tailed Fox attack 10 years ago. Consequently, Naruto's parents, Minato Namikaze and Kushina Uzumaki, are alive and well. Unable to return home or find the masked Madara, Naruto and Sakura stay in this new world and enjoy the changes they have always longed for. All seems well for the two ninja, until an unexpected threat emerges that pushes Naruto and Sakura to not only fight for the Konohagakure of the alternate world, but also to find a way back to their own.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Self-professed "home security guard" Mahiro Oyama has not left his home in years, secluding himself in his room playing erotic visual novels. This depraved lifestyle causes his prodigious sister, Mihari, to worry about his well-being. In hopes of solving this problem, she devises a plan to rehabilitate him back to normalcy.The first part of Mihari's plan is to concoct a medicine that changes her brother's biological constitution into a bona fide female, much to Mahiro's vehement dismay. Stuck in this predicament, Mahiro has no choice but to live out his life as a cute girl until the effect wears off—if it ever does.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Overlord recap film.In the early 20th century, the discovery of the substance Cavorite allowed the production of advanced military technology and steered the country toward conflict. London is now divided by a wall, and the Kingdom and the Commonwealth of Albion battle a silent war where espionage is the only weapon that can destabilize the enemy. A group of girls from the prestigious Queen's Mayfaire school work as undercover spies for the Commonwealth.  Led by Dorothy, an experienced driver with a striking personality, their group includes the talents of Ange le Carré, a cold-blooded liar and expert sharpshooter; Chise, a proficient samurai; and Beatrice, a voice-mimicking specialist. They use their unique individual skills for the Commonwealth to survive in a dark world filled with conspiracy, mystery, and infiltration. In the shadow of the war, they have only one goal in mind: completing their mission.[Written by MAL Rewrite]They say that the more things change, the more they stay the same, and those words could not be more true for the student council of Ousai Private Academy. Though an entire year has passed—bringing the senior members to their final year of high school—not much has changed. President Shino Amakusa is just as perverted as ever, Secretary Aria Shichijou still refuses to put on a pair of panties, Treasurer Suzu Hagimura has yet to grow an inch, and Vice President Takatoshi Tsuda is still stuck as the straight man to their crazy antics.Of course, limiting the fun to a four-way might get a little stale; although the group still messes around with the Judo Club and the Newspaper Club, more girls have come to get in on the excitement. Takatoshi's sister Kotomi, a new student at Ousai, is as perverse as the president, while Uomi, the aloof student council president of the nearby Eiryou High School, fits right in with the insanity at Ousai. With loads of absurdity and sexual humor that keeps on coming, Takatoshi needs to harden up if he is going to keep up with all the madness around him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since she was young, Komichi Akebi has always adored sailor uniforms, even going so far as to ask her mother to sew one if she succeeds in getting into her mother's alma mater, Roubai Academy. And thus, when she gets accepted into the prestigious school, Komichi is ecstatic. However, much to her surprise, the middle school no longer uses sailor uniforms as its dress code—making Komichi stand out from her schoolmates. Despite this, Komichi is granted permission to continue wearing the traditional attire. With renewed confidence, Komichi meets fascinating classmates as they experience school life together. Under the colorful shower of blossoming prospects, an exciting tomorrow awaits them![Written by MAL Rewrite]Drift peacefully into Neo Venezia, a city on the planet Aqua (formerly known as Mars). By the 24th century, humans have found a way to colonize the previously uninhabitable planet. As futuristic as that sounds, Neo Venezia is still teeming with rustic beauty; gondolas on wide canals and waterways are the main mode of transportation. The city itself is a faithful replication of Manhome's (the planet formerly known as Earth) Venice.To make sure that residents and tourists alike get the most from Neo Venezia's many wonders, companies offering guided tours via gondola were formed, one of which is named Aria Company.This is the workplace of Akari Mizunashi, a free spirited teenager from Manhome who is now a novice Undine (the title given to tour guides). Join Akari as she becomes intimately acquainted with other Undine, tourists, Neo Venezia's residents, and even the city itself, learning many valuable life lessons along the way, such as the wonderful truth that there are such things as manmade miracles.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixth and final Break Blade movie.Off-duty Japan Self-Defense Forces (JSDF) officer and otaku Youji Itami is on his way to attend a doujin convention in Ginza, Tokyo when a mysterious portal in the shape of a large gate suddenly appears. From this gate, supernatural creatures and warriors clad in medieval armor emerge, charging through the city, killing and destroying everything in their path. With swift actions, Youji saves as many lives as he can while the rest of the JSDF direct their efforts toward stopping the invasion.Three months after the attack, Youji has been tasked with leading a special recon team, as part of a JSDF task force, that will be sent to the world beyond the gate—now being referred to as the "Special Region." They must travel into this unknown world in order to learn more about what they are dealing with and attempt to befriend the locals in hopes of creating peaceful ties with the ruling empire. But if they fail, they face the consequence of participating in a devastating war that will engulf both sides of the gate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Western Restaurant Nekoya is adored by its local Japanese clientele. The eatery's continued success can be attributed to its tasty western and Japanese dishes, as well as its cheerful head chef, "Master" Tenshu. In Japan, the restaurant appears to be closed on Saturdays, but in actuality, it is the one day that Nekoya transcends to the Other World and opens its doors to guests seeking foreign cuisine. From castles to forests, the "Restaurant to Another World"—as its patrons call it—travels far and wide. Nekoya's diverse and bizarre clientele can expect to be greeted by one of two devoted waitresses—the courteous demon waitress Aletta, or the enigmatic and elven Kuro. As customers, both old and new, pile into the establishment with stories of their respective lands, Master and his staff ensure that everyone is in for a scrumptious adventure of a lifetime.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Teenage otaku Tsutsui is finally starting to feel comfortable in his relationship with his beautiful classmate Iroha, but the real world continues to make things tough for both of them. With the school cultural festival coming up, Tsutsui gets stuck working on the festival committee while Iroha's classmates pressure her to enter the beauty contest. Meanwhile, Tsutsui's best friend Itou finally works up the courage to confess his feelings to Ayado, but she turns him down. As Itou works to get over this rejection and Tsutsui struggles just to survive the festival, they both decide to do whatever they can to become better people. Will their good intentions pave the way to a happy outcome, or will more hearts be broken along the way?(Source: ANN)1. Ningen Shikkaku2. Sakura no Mori no Mankai no Shita3. Kokoro4. Hashire, Melos!5. Kumo no Ito6. JigokuhenThe blockheads of Class F return with more misadventures! Rather than desperately competing against the elite students in Class A for better facilities, they have other problems at hand. While the girls are constantly vying for the boys' attention, Akihisa Yoshii and Yuuji Sakamoto are being blackmailed by a stalker who threatens to reveal their most embarrassing secrets to the whole school. Moreover,  everyone's avatar starts to behave strangely. Filled with more nosebleeds and eye-pokes, the boys of Class F must work together to discover the stalker's identity and deal with the misfortunes that come with love among fools.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ichiko Sakura lives life on easy mode. Blessed with good fortune, she has everything she has ever wanted, including beauty, intelligence, and wealth. Momiji Binboda is a goddess of poverty. In stark contrast to Ichiko, she is cursed with misfortune, such as a perpetual cast on her arm, a flat chest, and a box under a bridge for a home.Their lives collide when Momiji lives up to her title and delivers some unfortunate news to Ichiko: her large amount of luck is due to her subconsciously draining the luck from those around her! Momiji has been tasked with stealing back Ichiko's fortune before she leaves everyone without enough luck to even survive. But Ichiko, with the help of the wandering monk Bobby Statice, manages to fight off the poverty goddess. This defeat forces the goddess to enlist reinforcements in the form of Kumagai, her teddy bear familiar, and the masochistic dog god, Momoo Inugami.Insanity ensues as Ichiko's quiet life is replaced with daily battles for her fortune. To survive the chaos, Ichiko will need all the luck she can get in Binbougami ga!![Written by MAL Rewrite]The city's academies are divided into their own districts and are considered mostly independent.The General Student Council acts as governing board to manage the academies as a whole. However, the group's ability to govern has come to halt since the mysterious disappearance of the General Student Council president. Countless issues have begun to surface throughout Kivotos in the absence of the president's leadership.To avoid disaster, the General Student Council requests assistance from the Federal Investigation Club, otherwise known as Schale. In fact, Schale is the city's newest club and the last to be approved before the president's disappearance.To accomplish its task, Schale relies on the guidance of a Sensei who can help them resolve the incidents around Kivotos.(Students are required to carry personal weapons and smart phones! Get a taste of the military action, love, and friendship the Academy City has to offer!)(Source: Official Blue Archive English Website)With all of the Clow Cards recaptured and changed into her own Sakura Cards, Sakura Kinomoto now enters her first year at Tomoeda Middle School. After her initial day of classes, Sakura reunites with her love Shaoran Li, who informs her that he is permanently moving back to Tomoeda. Much to her surprise, it even turns out that Shaoran will attend the same school and it seems as if Sakura's life is heading in all the right directions.However, when Sakura goes to sleep, she encounters in her dream a mysterious cloaked figure and finds herself surrounded by transparent cards. Waking up in fear, Sakura is shocked to see her dream has come true, with the Sakura Cards having turned clear. Continued dreamlike encounters with the unknown enemy and her gaining a new magical key sets the stage for Cardcaptor Sakura's latest adventure![Written by MAL Rewrite]One day, a small kitten named Chi is found by a young boy named Youhei and his mother. They decide to bring her back to their home to live with them despite their apartment's rules against keeping any pets. Chi, Youhei, and Youhei's parents cherish their time together as they make new friends, good memories, and have fun times together.These short adventures revolve around the daily life of Chi and her family, in addition to the many friends that they make along the way. No matter what trouble Chi ends up getting into, she knows that her family will always love her![Written by MAL Rewrite]Sakura Kurumi, Erika's mother, is preparing for a fashion show in Paris. The girls of the school's fashion club are going to model there, including some high school students. While in Paris, they meet a mysterious boy named Oliver. However, Baron Salamander of the Desert Apostles appears, and the girls transform into Pretty Cures to defend Paris.Ichigo Mashimaro encore is a two-episode OVA continues onwards from the previous set of OVAs of Ichigo Mashimaro.Based on Barasui's manga series, Ichigo Mashimaro follows the life of Nobue Itou, her younger sister Chika, and her friends. The basic premise of the show can be summed up in "cute girls do cute things in cute ways", be it trying to quit smoking, going outside to play, celebrating a holiday, or doing school work. This OVA picks up where the series left off, continuing the adventures of your everyday life, only cuter. (Source: AniDB)Fortune smiles on Inuyasha and his allies when they finally defeat their nemesis Naraku, who has caused them unrelenting hardships. Overjoyed by the long-awaited victory, they all hurry to resume their former lives, unaware that danger still lurks around. Kanna and Kagura, two of Naraku's subordinates, make arrangements to set free a sealed demonic entity that claims to be Kaguya, the legendary Princess of the Heavens.Although preoccupied with their own endeavors, Inuyasha's group members reunite by a string of unusual coincidences involving Kanna and Kagura along with an inexplicable phenomenon of repeated full-moon nights. Upon realizing that Kaguya is behind the troubling events and that she holds a terrible power, they join forces once more to stop the disastrous fate she has planned for the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Putting his life on the line, Willem Kmetsch leaves his loved ones behind and sets out to battle a mysterious monster, and even though he is victorious, he is rendered frozen in ice. It is during his icy slumber that terrifying creatures known as "Beasts" emerge on the Earth's surface and threaten humanity's existence. Willem awakens 500 years later, only to find himself the sole survivor of his race as mankind is wiped out.Together with the other surviving races, Willem takes refuge on the floating islands in the sky, living in fear of the Beasts below. He lives a life of loneliness and only does odd jobs to get by. One day, he is tasked with being a weapon storehouse caretaker. Thinking nothing of it, Willem accepts, but he soon realizes that these weapons are actually a group of young Leprechauns. Though they bear every resemblance to humans, they have no regard for their own lives, identifying themselves as mere weapons of war. Among them is Chtholly Nota Seniorious, who is more than willing to sacrifice herself if it means defeating the Beasts and ensuring peace.Willem becomes something of a father figure for the young Leprechauns, watching over them fondly and supporting them in any way he can. He, who once fought so bravely on the frontlines, can now only hope that the ones being sent to battle return safely from the monsters that destroyed his kind.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Hitomi Kanzaki is just an ordinary 15-year-old schoolgirl with an interest in tarot cards and fortune telling, but one night, a boy named Van Fanel suddenly appears from the sky along with a vicious dragon. Thanks to a premonition from Hitomi, Van successfully kills the dragon, but a pillar of light appears and envelopes them both. As a result, Hitomi finds herself transported to the world of Gaea, a mysterious land where the Earth hangs in the sky.In this new land, Hitomi soon discovers that Van is a prince of the Kingdom of Fanelia, which soon falls under attack by the evil empire of Zaibach. In an attempt to fight them off, Van boards his family's ancient guymelef Escaflowne—a mechanized battle suit—but fails to defeat them, and Fanelia ends up destroyed. Now on the run, Hitomi and Van encounter a handsome Asturian knight named Allen Schezar, whom Hitomi is shocked to find looks exactly like her crush from Earth. With some new allies on their side, Van and Hitomi fight back against the forces of Zaibach as the empire strives to revive an ancient power.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In spite of his best time-leaping efforts, Takemichi Hanagaki continuously fails to prevent the present-day death of Hinata Tachibana, his adolescent love. The adult Takemichi grapples with grief and the ramifications of the Tokyo Manji gang's criminal empire—an unintended product of his timeline meddling. Though the gang once operated under the idealistic Manjirou "Mikey" Sano, it has now been taken over by the malicious Tetta Kisaki and, as a result, has abandoned its original optimistic intent.Despite feeling hopeless, Takemichi travels to the past once again to investigate Black Dragon, a rival motorcycle gang whose actions ultimately lead to Hinata's demise. There, he meets the young Hakkai Shiba, a fellow gang member whose older brother, Taiju, tyrannically rules Black Dragon. When Taiju brutally beats Takemichi in a one-sided street brawl, Hakkai attempts to withdraw from Tokyo Manji in apology—an act that Takemichi must prevent to spare Hakkai a grim future.Through a shared tragedy, Takemichi bonds with Chifuyu Matsuno, establishing a close comradery both boys desperately need. With Chifuyu on his side, Takemichi works to unravel the fates of Black Dragon's members, fighting to create a happy future for his loved ones.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Salaryman Tsuyoshi Mukouda is accidentally summoned as a hero to the Kingdom of Reijseger in another world to help defend against their enemies. Wary of the royal family's true intentions, Mukouda is able to talk his way out of the situation due to his non-combat skill, "Online Supermarket," which is deemed useless.However, this power proves to be anything but useless. With this ability, Mukouda is able to cheaply purchase food products and utensils from Japan—most of which are considered luxuries in this world. As Mukouda cooks up a storm using his ability, he catches the eye of the fearsome mythical wolf Fel. The legendary beast swiftly negotiates a contract to become Mukouda's familiar, unable to resist the delicious dishes. With Fel by his side, Mukouda travels the world, earning his keep as an adventurer and merchant all the while enjoying delectable meals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Tsurune"—It's the sound made by the bowstring when an arrow is released, and the sound that inspired Minato Narumiya to learn kyudo, a modern Japanese martial art focusing on archery. However, an incident during his last middle school tournament caused him to quit the sport.But soon, many factors conspire to make Minato take up the bow once again: the start of a new kyudo club in his high school, a chance encounter with a mysterious archer, and the support of his childhood friends, Seiya Takehaya and Ryouhei Yamanouchi. Together with his childhood friends and his new teammates, Kaito Onogi and Nanao Kisaragi, Minato rekindles his love for kyudo and works with his team toward their aim of winning the prefectural tournament.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is summer break and Keima intends to spend all his time on video games. An old acquaintance, the timid girl Tenri, comes back into the neighborhood—and apparently has a lost soul inside her. It is up to Keima and Elysia to unravel the secrets of her heart.(Source: ANN)For the longest time, it's just been the two of them. "Kanojo" and her cat Daru are inseparable, having grown up together. Now a junior in college, Tomoka—her roommate of a year and a half—moves out of their shared apartment, and in order to keep her living space, Kanojo must find a job. Day by day, Daru watches her continued efforts from a cat's-eye view, eagerly awaiting his owner's return. When she gets back, once again, it's just she and her cat.Kanojo to Kanojo no Neko: Everything Flows is a charming short series about the bond between a pet and his owner.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Animated bloopers included with the Blu-ray/DVD releases of the Kuroko no Basket 3rd Season.An expanded version of the first episode of Macross Frontier.The infamous Shounen Bat is terrorizing the residents of Musashino City. Flying around on his rollerblades and beating people down with a golden baseball bat, the assailant seems impossible to catch—much less understand. His first victim, the well-known yet timid character designer Tsukiko Sagi, is suspected of orchestrating the attacks. Believed only by her anthropomorphic pink stuffed animal, Maromi, Tsukiko is just one of Shounen Bat's many victims.As Shounen Bat continues his relentless assault on the town, detectives Keiichi Ikari and Mitsuhiro Maniwa begin to investigate the identity of the attacker. However, more and more people fall victim to the notorious golden bat, and news of the assailant begins circulating around the town. Paranoia starts to set in as chilling rumors spread amongst adults and children alike.Will the two detectives be able to unravel the truth behind Shounen Bat, or will the paranoia get to them first?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The last scene of the 10 Years Special DVD BOX released in Japan in 2007. Follows the manga's ending.Three years since the end of their intergalactic excursion, both Lafiel Abriel and Jinto Linn have reunited; Lafiel as the captain of the attack ship Basroil and Jinto as her supply officer. The restart of the war between the Abh Empire and the Triple Alliance thrusts the inexperienced duo into the forefront of the deadly conflict.As the catastrophic battle between pure humankind and their greatest creation, the Abh, rages on, both sides accept that their conflict is not merely about territory, but about settling the inherent differences between themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After being defeated by the leader of the Beimu clan, Mount Xuandu's chief disciple Shen Qiao falls off a cliff and nearly dies from his injuries. Unfortunately, the ruthless Cleansing Moon sect leader Yan Wushi, known for his cunning and skills, chances upon him and comes up with a sinister plan: turn the benevolent disciple into a vengeful cultivator who could one day become a worthy rival.Shen Qiao is thrown headfirst into a world of betrayal and deception, contrasting with his once-strong beliefs that good could exist in everyone. As he encounters further hardships that push him to his wits' end, Shen Qiao is faced with the decision of continuing to uphold his kind nature—despite the cruel reality he has been shown—or giving in to the deceitful scheme of the spiteful Yan Wushi.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Four childhood friends are in their second year at Homare High School: kind and cheerful Shun Matsuoka, hot-tempered Kaname Tsukahara, and the Asaba twins, gentle Yuuta and lazy Yuuki. When a dynamic transfer student, Chizuru Tachibana, joins their group, the friends get caught up in his creative yet troublesome ideas that end up bringing excitement to their everyday lives. With new encounters and experiences, they begin to learn more about each other and themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Young Ciel Phantomhive is known as "the Queen's Guard Dog," taking care of the many unsettling events that occur in Victorian England for Her Majesty. Aided by Sebastian Michaelis, his loyal butler with seemingly inhuman abilities, Ciel uses whatever means necessary to get the job done. But is there more to this black-clad butler than meets the eye?In Ciel's past lies a secret tragedy that enveloped him in perennial darkness—during one of his bleakest moments, he formed a contract with Sebastian, a demon, bargaining his soul in exchange for vengeance upon those who wronged him. Today, not only is Sebastian one hell of a butler, but he is also the perfect servant to carry out his master's orders—all the while anticipating the delicious meal he will eventually make of Ciel's soul. As the two work to unravel the mystery behind Ciel's chain of misfortunes, a bond forms between them that neither heaven nor hell can tear apart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Mitsudomoe.Rilakkuma is a soft toy bear who showed up one day to live with a young woman named Kaoru. It spends its days lounging around the apartment. Although there is a zipper on its back, what is inside is a mystery. Rilakkuma loves pancakes, rice omelets, custard pudding and "dango" rice dumplings. Its friends are Kaoru's pet bird Kiiroitori and a small white bear cub named Korilakkuma who also showed up out of the blue.(Source: Netflix)During his summer vacation, middle school student Nagasumi Michishio travels to the Seto Inland Sea. One day, while swimming at Mio Sun Beach, his leg suddenly cramps. No one is close enough to notice his desperate screams for help, and so he sinks into the ocean, where he is left to drown alone. Just as he loses consciousness, however, a mermaid appears and saves his life.That night, Nagasumi is visited by his savior, a girl who introduces herself as Sun Seto—a mermaid from a yakuza family. As it turns out, under mermaid law, a mermaid whose identity is revealed to a human must be punished by execution. To avoid this harrowing outcome, the Seto family propose a solution: Nagasumi must marry Sun or die at the hands of Gouzaburou, Sun's father and boss of the Seto clan. Faced with no other option, Nagasumi takes her hand in marriage.Now, the newlyweds face the difficult task of keeping their relationship secret. Between Gouzaburou's unending attempts on Nagasumi's life and the eccentric antics of a slew of antagonists, a genuine and innocent love blossoms between the pair as they adapt to their new life. [Written by MAL Rewrite]ACCA—a national body of the kingdom of Dowa that provides public services to the citizens of the country—was established as part of the peace settlement between the king of Dowa and the 13 states of the country during a revolt. One hundred years later, Dowa is in a period of unprecedented peace, due in part to the ACCA system. However, rumors of a coup d'état start to surface. Jean Otus, the second-in-command of the inspection department of ACCA, is charged with inspecting all 13 state branches. What will he discover as he performs his audit?Intriguing and mysterious, ACCA: 13-ku Kansatsu-ka is a politically-themed mystery that reveals a world of diverse cultures and lifestyles, with intricate connections between its characters, as the truth of the coup d'état slowly unfolds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shorts of Ansatsu Kyoushitsu 2nd Season which adapt chapters of the manga which are not in the TV series. The adapted chapters are 78 ("Takebayashi no Jikan") and 79 ("Shihaisha no Jikan, Ni Jikanme"), which are published in the ninth manga volume. The year is 320. Under the rule of the belligerent King Andragoras III, the Kingdom of Pars is at war with the neighboring empire, Lusitania. Though different from his father in many aspects, Arslan, the young prince, sets out to prove his valor on the battlefield for the very first time. However, when the king is betrayed by one of his most trusted officials, the Parsian army is decimated and the capital city of Ecbatana is sieged. With the army in shambles and the Lusitanians out for his head, Arslan is forced to go on the run. With a respected general by his side, Daryun, Arslan soon sets off on a journey in search of allies that will help him take back his home.However, the enemies that the prince faces are far from limited to just those occupying his kingdom. Armies of other kingdoms stand ready to conquer Ecbatana. Moreover, the mastermind behind Lusitania's victory, an enigmatic man hiding behind a silver mask, poses a dangerous threat to Arslan and his company as he possesses a secret that could jeopardize Arslan's right to succession.With the odds stacked against him, Arslan must find the strength and courage to overcome these obstacles, and allies who will help him fight in the journey that will help prepare him for the day he becomes king.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kazunari Usa is a high school freshman who will start living alone due to his parents now working in a different area. Excited for his new independent life, he hopes to go about his teenage days without the worry of dealing with any strange people, but as he soon discovers, his new boarding house Kawai Complex is far from ordinary.The various tenants at Kawai Complex are all quite eccentric characters. Shirosaki, Kazunari's roommate, is a pervert and masochist; Mayumi Nishikino, a borderline alcoholic office lady, hates couples because of her unfortunate luck with men; and Sayaka Watanabe, a seemingly innocent college student, enjoys leading men on. Shocked with the lack of decent individuals at his new residence, Kazunari is about to leave when he runs into shy senior student Ritsu Kawai and finds himself slowly falling in love with her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Armed Detective Agency members discuss the most suitable candidate for the second-in-command. Doppo Kunikida is carrying out official errands as planned in his diary as usual. Unexpectedly, a bomb-related incident occurs, challenging the ideals he has always upheld. When weighing one life over hundreds, how will he proceed?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Maine Coon is one of the largest domesticated cat breeds, standing out among other cats for its impressive size and intelligence. But regular salarywoman Saku Fukuzawa has a hard time explaining why her rescued black cat now towers over her. Yukichi is no run-of-the-mill cat; he is a masterful feline who has taken charge of the chores in the Fukuzawa household. While his master rushes to catch the train during the morning rush hour and works late into the night, the giant cat is diligently packing Saku's lunch, cooking her meals, cleaning their home, and buying groceries.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One night, Mikado Ryuugamine accepts an invitation to Shinra Kishitani's apartment, eager to talk to Celty as quite some time has passed since the two last spoke. But, much to his astonishment, he finds that a large group of Ikebukuro's finest has gathered there for a hot pot party.Already confused with the current situation, Mikado is further surprised to see that his friend and fellow Raira Academy student Anri Sonohara is there as well. As the two decide to take a seat together, a few members of the group begin reminiscing over events from days past: Mikado recalls an adventure from his childhood with Masaomi Kida, Anri explains how she came to be friends with Mika Harima, and Shizuo Heiwajima tells of his first meeting with Tom Tanaka.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the aftermath of the most devastating conflict mankind had ever experienced, the tiny island of Shikotan became part of the Sakhalin Oblast... and on the unhealed border in this remote corner of the world, friendship among children from two different countries timidly blossomed, striving to overcome language barriers and the waves of history. Inspired by true events.On August 15th, they told us we had lost the war. At that time, we did not really understand. Then one day, everything changed. Many soldiers, wearing uniforms we had never seen before, arrived on the island. That was the day I met Tanya.(Source: Production I.G)Mikako Kouda is a 16-year-old girl whose sole ambition is to establish her own clothing brand. To this end, she attends the renowned Yazawa Art School alongside her childhood friend Tsutomu Yamaguchi. Although the people around them interpret their closeness and constant bickering as signs of budding love, both Mikako and Tsutomu deny it, as they cannot see each other as anything but friends.However, everything changes when Tsutomu starts to resemble Ken Nakagawa—the vocalist of the popular group Manbou—and gains popularity among girls. Suddenly, the childhood friends find themselves wondering about the meaning of love, friendship, and the true nature of their relationship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The mauling of a vicious, prehistoric-sized African elephant makes international headlines. Featured in reports of the aftermath, the sole survivor of one of the animal's rampages attributes its death to a lone, unarmed man—unknowingly describing Yuujirou Hanma, nicknamed the "Ogre" and often labeled as the "strongest creature on Earth." Elsewhere, Yuujirou's 18-year-old son Baki spars with an equally formidable beast: a praying mantis.Content with his training and determined to overtake his father, Baki abducts American President George Bosch to begin his plans. This leads to his deliberate imprisonment at the infamous Arizona State Prison where Oliva Biscuit resides—the strongest man in the United States and an inmate allowed to leave of his own volition. Hoping to gauge his abilities, Baki challenges Oliva to a fight; but Oliva is preoccupied with his eccentric rival, Jun Guevaru. Known as the "Second," he is the only other prisoner to receive special treatment from the guards.Bewildered yet intrigued, Baki learns about his fellow inmates and tolerates the hellish conditions of prison life while waiting for an opportunity to present itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hayate Ayasaki's misfortune continues to hand him the short end of the stick. Now settled into his routine at the Sanzenins' mansion and Hakuou Academy, the butler continues to work as hard as ever in caring for his young mistress Nagi while studying the school's grueling curriculum—all on top of trying his best to survive the multitude of troubles that life relentlessly pushes onto him.The unintentional chick magnet's life is far from quiet, forced to deal not only with Nagi's yet unnoticed infatuation with him, but also the evergrowing string of accidentally seduced girls—most notably, the exceptionally plain Ayumu Nishizawa, a friend of his before he became a butler, and the diligent Hinagiku Katsura, Hakuou's student council president. While one struggles to gain his affection and the other desperately tries to deny her own, both the girls are going to make the boy's life a little more complicated than it already is.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Erika, the princess of the Magic Kingdom has come to Earth in order to find a human girl who looks just like her. That girl turns out to be Himeko Nonohara, a tomboy's tomboy. Erika must give Himeko a magical item she has created in order to prove her worth as a successor to the crown. Himeko must test this item, a hair ribbon that allows her to transform into any other person she sees, to see if it is worthy. The series follows Himeko's adventures and her budding romance with Daichi, the boy who discovers her secret.(Source: ANN)This is simply the OVA summing up the major events and battles of "Initial D 4th Stage" much like the "Initial D Battle Stage" original summed up the first 3 seasons. Additionally, has 2 extra battles from the manga that were not incorporated into the original 4th Stage.(Source: ANN)Four years after the production of Daisan Hikou Shoujotai, the once renowned Musashino Animation—commonly known as "Musani"—is in a dire state. The abrupt cancellation of an ambitious project left the company in financial turmoil, causing most of the staff members to resign. Since then, Musani has failed to create any remarkable works and gradually lost its luster. Despite her wavering optimism, producer Aoi Miyamori is unwilling to let this situation continue. Luckily, her opportunity comes in the form of SIVA, an original feature film scheduled to release in 10 months.Meanwhile, Aoi's friends are also facing problems with their own professions: animation supervisor Ema Yasuhara is struggling to keep up with her tight schedule; reporter and voice actress Shizuka Sakaki is discontent with the lack of anime roles; screenwriter Midori Imai has been unable to find inspiration since her previous failure; and 3D artist Misa Toudou is concerned that her excessive passion hinders her career.While the anime industry is one full of setbacks and uncertainties, the five girls are all hellbent on persevering through the arduous path ahead—which just might bring them a step closer to accomplishing their shared dream.[Written by MAL Rewrite]All eyes are on Utena Tenjou, a mysterious transfer student to Ohtori Academy. But Utena's eyes seem to be fixed on one familiar face that stands out among the rest—Touga Kiryuu, Utena's childhood friend. Touga knows of Utena's past and possesses knowledge of the Mark of the Rose, a set of unique rings worn by those who compete for the hand of the Rose Bride. The Rose Bride, Himemiya Anthy, belongs to whomever wins her in a duel, and the one that wins all the duels is said to be given the power to bring revolution to the world. Utena is drawn into the duels, but Touga and their complicated history together may end up unraveling everything. Nothing is as it seems in this retelling of the original anime series.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The student-filled Academy City is at the forefront of scientific advancement and home to the esper development program. The seven "Level 5" espers are the most powerful in Academy City, and ranked third among them is middle schooler Mikoto Misaka, an electricity manipulator known as "The Railgun."When strange incidents begin occurring throughout the city, she finds each crime to be connected to the elusive "Level Upper," a legendary device that allegedly increases the esper level of its user. As the situation escalates, it becomes apparent that there is more to the Level Upper than meets the eye, and that Academy City may be a far more twisted place than the glamorous utopia it appears to be.Toaru Kagaku no Railgun focuses on Mikoto and her friends—and the dangerous situations they find themselves in—as they get caught up in the matter of the Level Upper. As Mikoto says, "There's never a dull moment in this city."[Written by MAL Rewrite]While reminiscing about her journey so far, Aoi Yukimura finds herself eager to go mountaineering once more. A likely opportunity arises when Koharu Senjuin invites Aoi to check out the Mountaineering Club after school. As the head of the club, Koharu speaks enthusiastically of the activities she and the other members partake in, especially as they strive to reach the top in various competitions.Although impressed by the club's dedication to its goals, Aoi feels reluctant to join, preferring to learn and enjoy mountaineering at her own pace. Her experience during this brief visit, however, leaves her wondering why she climbs mountains in the first place. With the support of her friends, Aoi searches for the true motivation behind her hobby, all while continuing to train for the highly anticipated second trip to the summit of Mt. Fuji.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although everything the young duke touches perishes, his existence is far from lonely. His spirited siblings Viola and Walter, loyal butler Rob, and the eccentric witches Cuff and Zain are regularly livening up his secluded mansion. But it is the duke's flirty maid, Alice Lendrott, who fills him with the promise of a beautiful tomorrow and the determination to break this hellish spell cast upon him.The identity of the witch who cursed the duke has been uncovered thanks to Zain's unique magic and the help of Daleth, the leader of the underworld. However, the villain is a notoriously fearsome and powerful witch, who, enraged by the duke and his companions' trip back in time, torments them even from the afterlife. Moreover, an unexpected loved one reappears, strengthening the duke and Alice's hope to break the curse and finally close the distance between them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on the same story that produced the classic musical 'The Sound of Music', this is the story of Maria, who leaves her life in a convent to take up the responsibility of taking care of Captain Trapp's children.(Source: ANN)Saving the world... by fishing?Yuki Sanada has always felt like a fish out of water. Socially awkward and anxious, he struggles to fit in with his surroundings and moves from town to town with his grandma. As he and his grandma settle into the charming seaside town of Enoshima, Yuki hopes for a fresh start. However, his reputation at school is jeopardized by the arrival of fellow transfer student Haru. The eccentric Haru immediately makes a splash, wildly claiming to be an alien and declaring that Yuki is his friend. Pairing the reluctant Yuki with their classmate and fishing talent, Natsuki Usami, he tasks both of them with the absurd mission of saving the world from a mysterious threat in the ocean. Mischief and hijinks ensue, as these three embark on a whimsical adventure filled with laughs, heart, and self-discovery![Written by MAL Rewrite]Since childhood, horse girls Kitasan Black and Satono Diamond have admired and aspired to be like their fellow horse girl named Tokai Teiou. Chasing their dreams, they enroll in Tracen Academy, an institution dedicated to training horse girls and preparing them for legendary races. Soon after, Kitasan Black lands on Team Spica, the same team as Teiou. Beaming with motivation, she remains undefeated until she fails to win her first Grade 1 (G1) race—the most prestigious type of race in the league—but she is determined to unleash her true potential as a horse girl.Meanwhile, Satono Diamond comes from a long line of horse girls who, despite sporting incredible running prowess, have never won a G1 race. It is up to her to finally break this curse and bring the Satono clan the glory it deserves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Keima Katsuragi, known online as the legendary "God of Conquest," can conquer any girl's heart—in dating sim games, at least. In reality, he opts for the two-dimensional world of gaming over real life because he is an unhealthily obsessed otaku of galge games (a type of Japanese video game centered on interactions with attractive girls).When he arrogantly accepts an anonymous offer to prove his supremacy at dating sim games, Keima is misled into aiding a naive and impish demon from hell named Elucia "Elsie" de Lute Ima with her mission: retrieving runaway evil spirits who have escaped from hell and scattered themselves throughout the human world. Keima discovers that the only way to capture these spirits is to conquer what he hates the most: the unpredictable hearts of three-dimensional girls! Shackled to Elsie via a deadly collar, Keima now has his title of "God of Conquest" put to the ultimate test as he is forced to navigate through the hearts of a multitude of real-life girls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]By the year 0096 of the Universal Century, a fragile peace emerges from the ashes of conflict. Sixteen-year-old student Banagher Links visits the Industrial 7 space colony on a school field trip, but because of a broken shuttle, he is left completely stranded. To Banagher, who has always lived a normal life, war had always been a distant, almost mythical part of history; but within minutes, fantasy becomes reality when he rescues a girl named Audrey Burne, who urgently needs to meet with the leader of the nearby Vist Foundation, Cardeas Vist. She hopes to persuade him to withhold the "Laplace's Box," an object that holds the potential to destroy the world. History is set in motion as galactic forces converge on Industrial 7, each vying for possession of the Laplace's Box. As Neo Zeon remnants clash with Earth Federation Forces around the colony, Cardeas, in his final moments, gives Banagher the key to the Box, a mobile suit dubbed "The Unicorn Gundam."Packed with explosive action and rising tension, Mobile Suit Gundam Unicorn RE:0096 follows Banagher as his conviction is tested and the destiny that has laid dormant for more than a century is finally realized.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Years have passed since Kyousuke Kasuga became entangled in a love triangle with the childish Hikaru Hiyama and the elegant Madoka Ayukawa. Now in their final year of high school, Madoka and Kyousuke are thoroughly occupied preparing for their college entrance exams. Hikaru, not yet close to graduation, struggles with the realization that her two closest friends are leaving her. With the threat of separation looming over the horizon, Kyousuke is finally forced to decide who he loves—no matter how painful it may be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Animated bloopers, based on the extra section of the original manga series, included with the BD/DVD series for Kuroko no Basket (both limited and normal editions).Following the closure of Uranohoshi Girls' High School, the third-year students—Dia Kurosawa, Kanan Matsuura, and Mari Ohara—have just graduated, leaving Aqours with solely the first and second-years. While searching for a new place the remaining members can use to practice, they decide to visit the new school they will soon enroll in. However, to their surprise, the building seems to be abandoned! It turns out that due to the school board's worries regarding how the freshly transferred Uranohoshi students may burden the clubs, they were instead sent to a branch school. This sets Aqours on a new goal—to prove that Uranohoshi students are serious in their clubs as well. Meanwhile, another problem arises: the third-years have unexpectedly gone missing during their graduation trip! Love Live! Sunshine!! The School Idol Movie: Over the Rainbow revolves around the remaining Aqours members as they venture out to search for their missing seniors and, at the same time, try to figure out a way to change the new school's mind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a strange dream of a mysterious ancestor, high school student Yuuko Yoshida wakes to see that she has grown demonic horns and a tail. Dazed and confused, her mother reveals to her a dark family secret: her family is descended from a Dark Clan that was banished to live powerless and destitute by their mortal enemies, the magical girls of the Light Clan. The only way to lift their ancestry's curse is for Yuuko to find a magical girl, murder her, and splatter her blood all over her ancestor's Demon God statue.Fortunately for "Shadow Mistress Yuuko," a magical girl saves her from being run over by an oncoming truck. Unfortunately, Momo Chiyoda happens to be Yuuko's classmate at Sakuragaoka High and is much stronger than her in both strength and endurance. Taking pity on her wimpy assailant, the magical girl agrees to train Yuuko and help her unlock her dormant powers. Now, Yuuko must rise up and defeat her generous frenemy to save her family from the terrible grip of poverty.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Walküre and Delta Flight used music to save people from the Vár Syndrome, a previously unknown disease that made humans and others go berserk. However, they find themselves facing a new threat…(Source: ANN)The everyday lives of the Minami sisters continue. Chiaki, the youngest, continues to call people idiots while worshipping her eldest sister. Kana, the middle, still can't figure out that Fujioka's feelings for her are a crush, not a grudge. Haruka, the eldest, still unknowingly avoids Hosaka's advances to invite her to the volleyball team, and after a long day of excitement, the sisters enjoy sitting at the table at their home.(Source: ANN)Madara, nicknamed "Nyanko-sensei," runs into two young children when he gets separated from his temporary owner Takashi Natsume. Unequipped to handle kids, Nyanko-sensei tries to wriggle his way out; but fearing for their safety around the ravenous forest youkai, he decides to escort the siblings to safety. However, even for an all-powerful youkai such as Nyanko-sensei, dealing with the playful and overly curious nature of children can prove to be an exhausting challenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To young Oz Vessalius, heir to the Vessalius Duke House, the perilous world called the Abyss is nothing more than a folktale used to scare misbehaving children. However, when Oz's coming-of-age ceremony is interrupted by the malicious Baskerville Clan intent on banishing him into the depths of the Abyss, the Vessalius heir realizes that his peaceful life of luxury is at its end. Now, he must confront the world of the Abyss and its dwellers, the monstrous "Chains," which are both not quite as fake as he once believed.Based on the supernatural fantasy manga of the same name, Pandora Hearts tells the story of fifteen-year-old Oz's journey to discover the meaning behind the strange events that have overtaken his life. Assisted by a mysterious Chain named Alice, whose nickname is "Bloodstained Black Rabbit," and members of a clandestine organization known as "Pandora," Oz begins to realize his existence may have more meaning than he could have ever imagined.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Using the fossil of the Legendary Pokémon Mew, Team Rocket has created the first successful Pokémon clone. Named Mewtwo, the man-made Pokémon quickly becomes upset with the circumstances of its creation and goes on a rampage. It is soon approached by Sakaki, the leader of Team Rocket, and is manipulated into committing evil acts.Repulsed by the tricks of mankind and the cruelties it has suffered, Mewtwo isolates itself from everyone and plots against humans whilst trying to discover its true purpose in life. Disguising as the world's strongest Pokémon trainer, Mewtwo draws in the region's most powerful trainers who want to fight the new, mysterious opponent. With the fate of the world at stake, renowned trainers Satoshi, Takeshi, and Kasumi must battle against Mewtwo and defeat it before it brings about the downfall of humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While the funeral of the assassinated Prince Edward, who was the first in line to succeed the throne, is being held, the nobles of the Kingdom of Albion discuss topics such as whether the second-in-line Princess Mary or the third-in-line Duke of Arkham, Prince Richard, will succeed the throne, and how the Duke of Normandy will act.The Duke of Arkham asks Princess if she will side with him or the Duke of Normandy. While wishing to change the world so that all people are equal, Princess is shaken by the Duke of Arkham, who is the mastermind behind Edward's assassination. Meanwhile, Ange and Dorothy are given a mission to infiltrate as Mary's maids and investigate the state of the royal family by the Commonwealth's control. Mary is crushed and exhausted due to the pressure of becoming first in line to the throne. As chaos surrounds the succession to the throne, the Duke of Arkham's plot finally begins to unfold.The darkness writhing in the Kingdom of Albion begins to swallow up Team White Pigeon.(Source: Official site, translated)Jinto and Lafiel were riding on a light-armed transport ship "Bokbrusue" and navigating at the planar space of the Hyde System. This was for Jinto to govern the Hyde System, which returned to Empirial rule after the Union retreated, officially as an Earl. However, the government of Martin, Jinto`s motherland, resisted obstinately against the Empirial rule. On the other side, "Daiichi Jyuurin Sentai" (the First Devastation Fleet), formed with the new ship type "Attack Vessel", travelled to the Hyde System for drilling practices, but... (Source: ANN)When mundane office worker Kiyoshi Adachi turns 30 years old, he discovers that he has gained the ability to read minds due simply to remaining a virgin for his entire life. The caveat, however, is that he must make physical contact with a person to know what they are thinking about. Adachi believes there is no real use for this power until he accidentally hears the thoughts of his coworker, Yuuichi Kurosawa.Charismatic and dependable, Kurosawa is the star of Adachi's team at work, earning praise and admiration from everyone at the office. But deep within, Kurosawa harbors an intense one-sided crush for the gloomy Adachi—a fact that Adachi only learns because of his ability, and knowledge he tries to respectfully disregard. As Kurosawa treats Adachi with kindness and affection he has never experienced before, Adachi finds it increasingly difficult to ignore his coworker's genuine advances.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fuutarou Uesugi is an ace high school student, but leads an otherwise tough life. His standoffish personality and reclusive nature have left him friendless, and his father is debt-ridden, forcing his family to scrape by.One day during his lunch break, Uesugi argues with a female transfer student who has claimed "his seat," leading both of them to dislike each other. That same day, he is presented with a golden opportunity to clear his family's debt: a private tutoring gig for a wealthy family's daughter, with a wage of five times the market price. He accepts the proposal, but is horrified to discover that the client, Itsuki Nakano, is the girl he confronted earlier! After unsuccessfully trying to get back on Itsuki's good side, Uesugi finds out that his problems don't end there: Itsuki is actually a quintuplet, so in addition to her, he must also tutor her sisters—Miku, Yotsuba, Nino, and Ichika—who, despite the very real threat of flunking, want nothing to do with a tutor. However, his family's livelihood is on the line so Uesugi pushes on, adamant in his resolve to rid the sisters of their detest for studying and successfully lead them to graduation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A story about a goat and a wolf who become friends on a stormy night, and how they overcome differences and hardships.(Source: ANN)Having achieved miraculous victories in a series of battles against the Britannian Army, Lelouch Lamperouge has brought the Black Knights, his paramilitary organization, to a more powerful state than ever before. Nothing seems impossible for him when he utilizes his military strength, intellect, and Geass power of absolute obedience. However, obstacles in the face of the uprising never cease, putting Lelouch in a difficult predicament. Most worryingly, Suzaku Kururugi's combat prowess and the appearance of a mysterious child named V.V. threaten to put an end to Lelouch's great rebellion. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourteen years after the Third Impact, the Earth is a post-apocalyptic wasteland, human civilization is in ruins, and the people Shinji Ikari knows are almost unrecognizable. Trapped inside Evangelion Unit-01, he is recovered from space by Asuka Langley Shikinami and Mari Illustrious Makinami, only to find himself a prisoner of WILLE, a military faction led by his former guardian Misato Katsuragi. Cold and bitter, his former allies view him with suspicion and refuse to support him as he comes to terms with the consequences of his actions.A hurt and confused Shinji is rescued from WILLE by Rei Ayanami and returned to NERV headquarters. There, he meets and quickly befriends the enigmatic Kaworu Nagisa, who offers him warmth and insight into the state of NERV's war with the Angels. But Shinji and Kaworu's brief respite lies on the eve of a new battle, one in which Shinji finds that his enemies are no longer Angels but former comrades. In this bitter confrontation to determine the future of the world, Shinji will learn first-hand that the past truly cannot be undone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Grand Magic Games reaches its climax following Natsu Dragneel and Gajeel Redfox's stunning victory over Sting Eucliffe and Rogue Cheney of the Sabertooth guild. This success pushes the Fairy Tail guild closer to being crowned the overall champions, but obtaining victory isn't the only challenge they face. A mystery still surrounds a hooded stranger and the ominous Eclipse Gate, leaving more questions than answers.More crazy adventures are on the horizon for Fairy Tail as their destructive antics and joyful rowdiness continue unabated. Their greatest trial is quickly approaching, but united as a family, the guild will always be ready to face any threat that comes their way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rin Matsuoka’s childhood friend, Sousuke Yamazaki, has recently transferred to Samezuka Academy. Upon their reunion, the two reminisce about their childhood days and reaffirm their wish to swim together. Now with Rin, Sousuke, Captain Mikoshiba’s younger brother Momotarou Mikoshiba, and hard-working Aiichirou Nitori, the Samezuka relay team is formed, and their friendship deepens. However, as tournaments, races, and training go on, the reason for Sousuke’s sudden return begins to trouble him and affect his swimming. Noticing Sousuke’s change, Rin pushes to uncover what is holding him back.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On her day off, Tessa wakes up in her commander chair. After regaining her composure, she notices that her favorite stuffed animal is missing and thus tries to remember what actually transpired the night before. To do so, she will spend time with all the main characters of the Danaan crew, and eventually recalls the events of the previous night.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mikan Sakura is a normal 10-year-old girl. Optimistic, energetic, and overall a very sweet child, Mikan is the complete opposite of the aloof, intelligent, and somewhat cold-hearted, Hotaru Imai. Despite their glaring differences, the two girls have been best friends for a very long time. So when Hotaru suddenly transfers to Alice Academy, a prestigious school in the city, her best friend is devastated—especially when she hears of the horrible rumors regarding the academy's harsh treatment of students. Beset with worry, Mikan runs away to see her best friend!Upon her arrival, Mikan learns of "Alices," individuals gifted with various supernatural abilities, and that the school is an institution built by the government to train and protect them. Discovering that she has her own unique powers, Mikan enrolls in the academy, and, after a lot of trouble, finally reunites with Hotaru.Gakuen Alice is a heartwarming comedy that follows Mikan and her friends' adventures in the academy, as well as their attempt to uncover the mysteries surrounding the problematic, fire-wielding student Natsume Hyuuga.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fear, survival, instinct. Thrown into a foreign land with nothing but hazy memories and the knowledge of their name, they can feel only these three emotions resonating deep within their souls. A group of strangers is given no other choice than to accept the only paying job in this game-like world—the role of a soldier in the Reserve Army—and eliminate anything that threatens the peace in their new world, Grimgar.When all of the stronger candidates join together, those left behind must create a party together to survive: Manato, a charismatic leader and priest; Haruhiro, a nervous thief; Yume, a cheerful hunter; Shihoru, a shy mage; Moguzo, a kind warrior; and Ranta, a rowdy dark knight. Despite its resemblance to one, this is no game—there are no redos or respawns; it is kill or be killed. It is now up to this ragtag group of unlikely fighters to survive together in a world where life and death are separated only by a fine line. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Some offices have stereotypical dynamics: the chauvinistic pig of a boss who never does any real work; the employees whose goal is to suck up to the boss; the ones whose lives seem perfect; and the individuals who have all the actual work pushed onto them. Retsuko the red panda is in the last group, as she stays late most nights to make up the work her coworkers are too lazy to do themselves.Her relief from the stress of her everyday life comes in the form of singing death metal at a local karaoke club. Night after night, Retsuko channels her grief into a microphone and considers the place to be her own personal sanctuary. But as she moves further away from her comfort zone and the ideas people have of her, she discovers that letting others into her world of death metal may not be such a bad thing.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This story takes place about one hundred years ago. Nadja is a bright, cheerful girl who was raised in an orphanage near London, England. Nadja was entrusted to the orphanage when she was a baby. So she thought her father and mother were dead. But before her thirteenth birthday, she found out that her mother might be alive..Nadja sets out on a journey to find her mother! With all of Europe as the stage, Nadja's exciting adventure begins!(Source: AniDB)SuperS centers heavily on Chibi-usa and the Sailor Team. A new enemy, the Dead Moon Circus, has now appeared. Their motive is to find the Golden Dream Mirror that would be used to rule the world. To do this, the enemy attacks innocent victims for their Dream Mirrors and test their energy. Chibi-usa also has a new ally on her side, Pegasus. This season also sees the Sailor Senshi obtaining new powers. Unaired episode included in the 7th Blu-ray/DVD volume of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou anime.Sentan Island is a small island surrounded by the Yuden Sea. It exists in a state of dreamlike tranquility, cut off from the war between the Northern Government and the Southern Continent Free Zone. Our hero, Akiyuki Takehara, lives on Sentain Island along with his mother Fusa. He is currently separated from his father, the town doctor Ryuzo, but the bond between father and son remains. One day, after taking Ryuzo the lunch that Fusa has made for him as usual, Akiyuki arrives at school, where he is caught up in an explosion along with his friends, Haru and Furuichi. The explosion produces a mysterious light, which enters Akiyuki's arm, causing him excruciating pain. He's given no time to understand it, however, as the white-haired girl who rode on the bus with him guides him to a power unlike anything he's ever known.Having lived abroad in Africa for most of her life, Rinku Aimoto is now returning to Japan to attend Yoba Academy, a school where DJ units—groups made up of DJs, vocalists, and dancers—are extremely popular. There, she meets Maho Akashi, an aspiring DJ who teaches Rinku the basics of DJing. The girls attend a performance by Yoba's famous DJ unit Peaky P-key, and struck by inspiration, they decide to form a unit of their own.Rinku and Maho soon recruit Muni Oonaruto, a talented artist and Rinku's childhood friend, as well as Rei Togetsu, a shy and caring pianist. Newly named Happy Around, the group aims to use the budding friendships and combined talents of its members to become one of the top DJ units in the country.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second part of the Date A Bullet films.Digimon Tamers takes place in a world where the popular Digimon franchise is all the rage, consisting of a cartoon, video games, and the trading card game. Takato Matsuda is a huge Digimon fan that's particularly obsessed with the card game, and constantly daydreams about the universe therein. One day, he finds a mysterious blue card, which he slides through a scanner toy to use in the popular battle game. His toy suddenly glows and transforms into a Digivice, and Takato's fan-made design, Guilmon, materialises in front of him. Thrilled by the prospect of having a real-life Digimon, Takato embraces his new partner, and his adventures as a Digimon Tamer begin.Takato quickly discovers that being a Digimon Tamer is not all fun and games—in reality, it's much more dangerous than the card games he's accustomed to. Wild Digimon have begun to appear all across Japan, causing rampages that result in chaos and mayhem. Armed with his Digivice, which can scan trading cards to strengthen Guilmon, Takato and his new partner set out to combat the rogue Digimon. They are tasked with protecting the world from Digimon attacks, whilst a mysterious organization determined to eliminate all Digimon and their Tamers lurks in the shadows... Giant robot parts fell from the sky, so Nobita and Doraemon took it into the mirror world to build it and called it the Zandacross. It seems that Zandacross is a dangerous weapon so they kept it a secret. A mysterious girl named Lilulu appeared and asked for Zandacross for the invasion but she doesn't agree to invade the Earth. Doraemon and the others join forces to stop the invasion of the robot army but it seems that Lilulu is the only one that can stop it.(Source: ANN)Bundled with the fifth manga volume.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Two side stories:Chapter L (or chapter 25) about Lohmeyer/Romaiya senpai.Chapter F (or chapter 26) about Miwako finding ways to make fun of Yamazaki.(Source: momento)A group of 5 male high school students that call themselves the funny-face group cause trouble at school with their crazy antics. (Source: AniDB)Ichirou Inuyashiki is a 58-year-old family man who is going through a difficult time in his life. Though his frequent back problems are painful, nothing hurts quite as much as the indifference and distaste that his wife and children have for him. Despite this, Ichirou still manages to find solace in Hanako, an abandoned Shiba Inu that he adopts into his home. However, his life takes a turn for the worse when a follow-up physical examination reveals that Ichirou has stomach cancer and only three months to live; though he tries to be strong, his family's disinterest causes an emotional breakdown. Running off into a nearby field, Ichirou embraces his dog and weeps—until he notices a strange figure standing before him.Suddenly, a bright light appears and Ichirou is enveloped by smoke and dust. When he comes to, he discovers something is amiss—he has been reborn as a mechanized weapon wearing the skin of his former self. Though initially shocked, the compassionate Ichirou immediately uses his newfound powers to save a life, an act of kindness that fills him with happiness and newfound hope.However, the origins of these strange powers remain unclear. Who was the mysterious figure at the site of the explosion, and are they as kind as Ichirou when it comes to using this dangerous gift?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ichiro Mizusawa, a player from Rukawa's old junior high school, Tomigoaka, is diagnosed with a crippling leg condition and wants to play one last game with Rukawa. Hanamichi sets out to help the boy and fulfill his wish. (Source: ANN)Despite having accomplished a lifelong dream of hers, Ann Halford faces further challenges ahead. Bridget Paige, the daughter of the Paige Workshop's owner, still possesses the wing of Shall Fen Shall, Ann's former fairy companion. In determination to save Shall from the obsessive Bridget, Ann decides to join the Paige Workshop, hoping at the same time to perhaps reunite with her close friend.Having been appointed head of the workshop, Ann becomes entrusted with rebuilding it to its former glory. She quickly discovers that the Paige Workshop has a unique focus on tradition and individuality, and recognizes that she will need to learn about her team and completely revamp the workshop in order to succeed. Motivated by her strong desire to rescue Shall and her obligations as a sugar artisan, Ann wholeheartedly dedicates herself to her new position.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Raja, a small country located to the west of Tempest. Rimuru and his companions get involved in a long-running conspiracy that swirls around the mysterious power of the queen. Rimuru and his commander Benimaru also encounter another ogre survivor named Hiiro, a man that used to be the brother of Benimaru.(Source: ANN)In the year 2199, Earth is a mere shell of its former glory after a vicious bombardment by the Gamilas Empire. The inhabitants have been forced underground to escape the irradiated surface, but the deadly radiation inches closer and closer to the retreating population. With only one year before complete and utter extermination, time is fast running out and hope is in short supply.So far, any attempt to escape or retaliate has been instantly annihilated by the alien empire—until an emergency transmission from the planet Iscandar in a neighboring galaxy offers a glimmer of hope to save the doomed planet. Covertly, Earth's Self Defense Force constructs a faster than light engine for a journey to Iscandar. Armed with new weapons and a determined crew of fearless navy men, the World War II era battleship Yamato is reborn as Space Battleship Yamato. She and her crew set out on a perilous journey across the stars to save their home and the entire human race.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three years since the return of the legendary Space Battleship Yamato, Earth has begun rebuilding itself and has made peace with the Gamilans. However, this recovery comes at the cost of utilizing the forbidden Wave Motion technology. Meanwhile, the notorious former crew members of the Yamato, who have each gone their separate ways, receive a psychic message from the mysterious Goddess Teresa. She urges them to return to their beloved ship and travel to the distant planet Terezart. They are promised a revolutionary power to combat the unprecedented threat of the relentless Gatlantis Empire, who are approaching Earth with all but innocent intentions.Unable to resist her plea, the crew reassembles and sets sail on another perilous intergalactic voyage, one that will test their sheer courage and versatility in the face of an even greater foe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of Wan Sheng Jie.Due to his love for small, cute things, Souta Takanashi cannot turn childlike Popura Taneshima down when she recruits him to work for Wagnaria, a family restaurant located in Hokkaido. Takanashi takes particular joy in doting on the older Popura, which only fuels her complex over how young she looks. He also quickly learns he must stay on his toes once he meets the rest of his colleagues, including the katana-wielding floor chief Yachiyo Todoroki, the intimidating head chef Jun Satou, the dangerously well-informed and subtly sadistic sous chef Hiroomi Souma, the adamantly lazy manager Kyouko Shirafuji, and the waitress Mahiru Inami who has a "painful" fear of men.Powered by an eccentric cast, Working!! is a unique workplace comedy that follows the never-dull happenings within the walls of Wagnaria as Takanashi and his co-workers' quirky personalities combine to create non-stop antics, shenanigans, and hilarity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth season of Xingchen Bian.Third season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.With the team's combined strength, the Sohoku High bicycle racing club beat reigning champions Hakone Academy at the Interhigh national race and achieved an impressive overall victory. Now that their hot summer has ended and third-years Kinjou, Makishima, and Tadokoro have retired from the team, first-year participants in the Interhigh Onoda Sakamichi, Imaizumi Shunsuke, and Naruko Shoukichi, along with their new captain second-year Teshima Junta and vice-captain Aoyagi Hajime begin preparing as a "new team" for their second consecutive championship at the next Interhigh. In order to retake their throne, their rivals Hakone Academy have also incorporated new members and begun training as a new team. Kyoto Fushimi High is lead by the monstrous racer Midousuji Akira. The nation's top schools are all honing their skills to reach the top of the Interhigh.(Source: Crunchyroll)Professor Hershel Layton—renowned archaeologist, puzzle-solver, and extraordinary gentleman—and his young aspiring apprentice Luke Triton receive a mysterious letter from his former student Janice Quatlane containing tickets to an opera at the Crown Petone. They soon discover that it is no ordinary opera, but rather a devious game for the legendary Fountain of Youth—the giver of eternal life. However, this only scratches the surface of an unfolding mystery that the pair must solve together in order to survive.Despite being faced with complex puzzles and fervent competition, Professor Layton and his trusted assistant Luke never forget to uphold the standards of true gentlemen... And a true gentleman never leaves a puzzle unsolved.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Arsène Lupin III is the grandson of world-famous thief Arsène Lupin, and he's living up to his grandfather's memory as a high-profile thief himself. Due to his infamy, Lupin III attracts the attention of the persistent Inspector Zenigata of the ICPO, as well as rival criminals. Lupin III's criminal lifestyle even seeps into his love life. The main woman in Lupin III's world is femme fatale Fujiko Mine, who Lupin III can never tell is working with or against him. Follow Lupin and his gunman partner Daisuke Jigen on their quest to own the world－or at least the valuable bits!Distinguished mages Nanoha Takamachi, Fate Testarossa, and Hayate Yagami now work as military personnel for the Time-Space Administration Bureau on the planet Midchilda, having completed their studies on Earth in the last ten years since the "Book of Darkness" incident.One day, the three end up helping the Bureau respond to a severe airport fire, but their efforts are left unrecognized. A series of unfortunate events motivate Hayate to create the elite unit Riot Force 6, which handles cases involving public safety as well as dangerous magical objects known as Lost Logia. There the trio works alongside promising recruits Subaru Nakajima, Teana Lanster, Caro Ru Lushe, and Erio Mondial, who endure difficult training to fulfill expectations while overcoming hurdles and achieving personal goals.However, carrying out their mission proves to be a constant struggle. Battling foes who exploit the Lost Logia and facing criticisms from within the Bureau, Riot Force 6 quickly finds itself stretched thin.[Written by MAL Rewrite]There is a small village called Jimuna on the continent of Jamu Jamu. This village is home to a girl named Kukuri. She is the last descendant of the Migu Migu Tribe. She is raised by an old witch who teaches her the secret magic of the tribe, but Kukuri is not a good student.In the same village lives a boy named Nike. He has been raised by very strict parents. They discipline their son to become a brave hero of the village. Nike himself does not want to be a hero at all, but he grows up to become a mighty boy.One day the king of the village, Kodai, recruits troops to fight against the ruler of the darkness, Giri. Kukuri and Nike are accepted. The two children, the strong but reluctant hero Nike, and the eager but unskilled little witch Kukuri, set out on a wonderful journey full of adventures and friendship.(Source: Nippon Animation)The spring term is beginning for the students at Lillian Girls' Academy. Friends are reunited, but for the Yamayuri Council, it's a bittersweet time. Yoko, Eriko, and Sei are busy preparing to depart Lillian while Sachiko, Rei, and Shimako are doing their best to ensure that their dear sisters receive a memorable commencement.Sei's departure will leave a sizable hole in the White Roses, and filling it won't be easy. But is there anyone who could appeal to Shimako enough to become the next Rosa Gigantea en bouton?(Source: RightStuf)A promotional preview summary of the events in Detective Conan Movie 10: Requiem of the Detectives. Aired before the movie.The Minami residence is home to three sisters: the strict and diligent eldest sister Haruka; air-headed and lively Kana; and the youngest, Chiaki, whose sharp tongue spares no one. Living without adult supervision, the sisters share the workload of cooking and laundry, as well as the occasional romantic adventure. From combating chronic laziness to hanging out with friends, there is never a boring day in the Minami household.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The staff of the Spirits and Such Consultation Office—Arataka Reigen, Shigeo "Mob" Kageyama, Ritsu Kageyama, Katsuya Serizawa, and the spirit Ekubo—head to the Zebra Prefecture for a relaxing hot spring vacation. Their all-expenses-paid trip is sponsored by the owner of the Ibogami Hot Springs, who has asked Reigen to investigate claims of paranormal activity in the area.On the train ride to the inn, the exhausted Reigen and Serizawa quickly fall asleep, only to wake up and discover that they have been transported to a ghostly parallel world! Bewildered about how they got there, Reigen and Serizawa must find a way to escape in time to enjoy their day off.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world similar to the European Middle Ages, the feared yet revered Holy Knights of Britannia use immensely powerful magic to protect the region of Britannia and its kingdoms. However, a small subset of the Knights supposedly betrayed their homeland and turned their blades against their comrades in an attempt to overthrow the ruler of Liones. They were defeated by the Holy Knights, but rumors continued to persist that these legendary knights, called the "Seven Deadly Sins," were still alive. Ten years later, the Holy Knights themselves staged a coup d’état, and thus became the new, tyrannical rulers of the Kingdom of Liones.Based on the best-selling manga series of the same name, Nanatsu no Taizai follows the adventures of Elizabeth, the third princess of the Kingdom of Liones, and her search for the Seven Deadly Sins. With their help, she endeavors to not only take back her kingdom from the Holy Knights, but to also seek justice in an unjust world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ikta Solork is a carefree young man who only wants two things in life: a woman on his arm and a place to nap. Unfortunately, his peaceful life is destroyed when war breaks out between the Katjvarna Empire and the neighboring Republic of Kioka. Ikta and his childhood friend, Yatorishino Igsem, join the army as military officers, where they meet the infantryman Matthew Tetojirichi, the sniper Torway Remion, and the medic Haroma Becker on a boat heading for the military exam site.However, after a rogue storm sinks their vessel, the five of them end up in enemy territory near a military outpost. There, they discover that the heir to the Katjvarnan throne, Princess Chamille Kitora Katjvanmaninik, has been taken hostage. The five are able to rescue her, and as a reward, each one of them is granted the title of Imperial Knight—one of the highest honors a soldier can receive. It seems that Ikta will have to put his dream of tranquility on hold, as he must now become the hero he never wanted to be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While spending a summer day at the department store, Suguru Koshigaya wins the lottery’s grand prize—four tickets to Okinawa! Filled with awe and excitement, the girls of Asahigaoka do various things to prepare for the trip. From practicing how to ride on an airplane to buying travel essentials at the convenience store, they do everything beforehand so they can enjoy their time in Okinawa to the fullest extent.A departure from the familiar scenery of Asahigaoka is a new experience for Renge Miyauchi, but that does not stop her from pondering how her perspective of the world may change. As the day of the trip draws near, a promise is made.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Moe Sato is a young lady who finds a cat and starts taking care of him. Named Poyo due to his round shape, he quickly becomes a dear member of the Sato family. (Source: ANN) In 2113, the Ministry of Foreign Affairs (MFA) dissolved their secret paramilitary unit known as the Peacebreakers. However, the squad disappeared, and their activities remained a mystery. Five years later, the Peacebreakers resurface when they murder Milcia Stronskaya, a scientist in possession of highly classified documents essential to the future of the Sybil System—Japan's surveillance structure that detects potential criminals in society.To investigate the incident and prepare for a clash against the Peacebreakers in coordination with the MFA, the chief of the Public Safety Bureau decides to recruit the former Enforcer Shinya Kougami back into the force. Having defected years ago, Kougami currently works for the MFA under Frederica Hanashiro's command. Kougami's return creates tensions between him and his former colleagues Akane Tsunemori and Nobuchika Ginoza, but they must set aside their past grudges to focus on ensuring the security of the Sybil System.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Super OVA 1: Based on a story from vol. 27 of the manga, Shampoo and Ukyo arrange to travel to a cave that is legendary for breaking up couples. They hope they will cause Ranma and Akane to break-up and Shampoo hopes to ditch Mousse the same way.Super OVA 2: "Jaaku no Oni" (lit. "The Wicked Demon") was released in 1995. Based on a story from vol. 29 of the manga, an Oni (that wears a tiger-striped diaper just like the Oni of Urusei Yatsura) escapes it`s sealed box and begins to possess people in the neighborhood.Super OVA 3: This is a story from vol. 31. Ranma disturbs a doll that takes revenge on anyone that shows it disrespect. In order to teach Ranma a lesson, the doll possesses Akane and tries on many occasions to attack him. (Source: AniDB)Kyousui "Sui" Tougoku inherits a traditional Japanese-style cafe called Rokuhoudou from his grandfather, which he manages alongside Gregorio "Gure" Valentino, Tokitaka Nagae, and Tsubaki Nakao. Their hospitality par excellence undoubtedly turns any one-time visitor into a regular. Having gone through their own share of trials and tribulations, the staff at this modest cafe do their best to serve their customers—whether it be through tea, sweets, or even helping with the various troubles one may have.Although most days pass pleasantly, the small world of Sui and his friends takes an unexpected path when their reputation as a cafe flourishes overnight.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, humanity is under attack by the Abh Empire, a race of advanced humanoid beings possessing vastly superior technology. As countless worlds fall to the Abh, mankind establishes the Four Nations Alliance—a resistance faction made up of the United Mankind, the Republic of Greater Alcont, the Federation of Hania, and the People's Sovereign of Union Planets.Seikai no Monshou tells the story of Jinto Linn. When he was young, his father—the president of Martine—sold their world in exchange for a high position in the empire. Now a young count, Jinto must learn the ways of Abh nobility and live among those who subjugated his people. Helping him is Lafiel Abriel, an austere Abh princess whom Jinto quickly befriends. While traveling to Jinto's new school in the Abh homeland, their ship is caught in a violent space battle between the fleets of the Alliance and the Abh. Jinto and Abriel are thrust into the conflict, unaware that this skirmish marks the beginning of a full-scale war between the Abh Empire and mankind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's been a year since the disappearance of Shiro, the Silver King; Kurou Yatogami and Neko have been diligent in their search, but to no end. Their investigation leads to a run-in with members of the now disbanded Red Clan HOMRA—Rikio Kamamoto and Anna Kushina—being pursued by the Green Clan, who desire Anna's powers for their own ends.Now, the members of Scepter 4 are called upon alongside Kurou and Neko in order to rescue Anna, the mascot, and only female member of the ruined Red Clan, from the enemy's clutches and hopefully find Shiro using the young girl's powers. Amidst crisis, the group is forced into a power struggle when the Green Clan threatens to overtake the Gold King's domain.The second step in the K Project series, K: Missing Kings, continues the story of a young boy caught up in a psychic war between seven kings, and showcases each character's struggles after the losses of their respective Kings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Kengan Ashura.Taking place three years before the TV series, episode zero follows Hiroomi Nase's mission to subdue the infamous half-human, half-youmu Akihito Kanbara. Curious about the mission, Hiroomi's little sister, Mitsuki, tags along with him, and the siblings meet Akihito for the first time. However, they soon discover that they aren't the only ones seeking out Akihito, and thus begins the story of Kyoukai no Kanata.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The amazing Taichi Keaton works on cases around the globe that always lead to adventure! He combines his arsenal of multidisciplinary expertise in investigation, archeology, and survival with his experience as a professor, a Falklands Conflict veteran and a SAS agent to unravel the often dangerous challenges in each riveting episode.(Source: Geneon Entertainment USA)Naho Takamiya's first day of her sophomore year of high school is off to an uneasy start. After waking up late, she receives a strange letter addressed to her. However, the letter is from herself—10 years in the future! At first, Naho is skeptical of the note; yet, after witnessing several events described to take place, she realizes the letter really is from her 26-year-old self.The note details that Naho's future life is filled with regrets, and she hopes that her younger self can correct the mistakes that were made in the past. The letter also warns her to keep a close eye on the new transfer student, Kakeru Naruse. Naho must be especially careful in making decisions involving him, as Kakeru is not around in the future. With the letter as her guide, Naho now has the power to protect Kakeru before she comes to regret it once more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yomiko Readman is a lovable, near-sighted bibliomaniac working as a substitute teacher at a Japanese high school. Her real identity, however, is that of a secret agent for the British Library Special Operations Division. Her codename: "The Paper." The moniker denotes her supernatural ability to freely manipulate paper into any object she can imagine, including tools and weapons in her fight against the powerful and self-serving IJIN (Great Historical Figure) Army! Along with her partner, the enigmatic "Ms. Deep," Yomiko travels across the world in attempt to solve the mystery behind the reincarnation of historical figures and their attempt to control the world.(Source: RightStuf)As the story of Rozen Maiden closes, a new chapter begins in Rozen Maiden: Träumend. Shinku and the other sentient dolls of the Rozen Maiden collection are living life as usual at Jun Sakurada's house. Having settled into his role as Shinku's partner in the deadly Alice Game, Jun overcomes his former fears and prepares to return to school. And although Shinku and the other dolls idly pass the days by in the comfort of Jun's home, dark times lie ahead as a new foe presents herself: Barasuishou, the seventh Rozen Maiden.But Barasuishou is a mystery even to her sisters, none of whom have ever laid eyes on her until now. Shinku considers this a sign that the Alice Game is coming to an end, meaning the dolls will soon be forced to fight one another. Haunted by the upcoming battle and nightmares concerning another doll, Shinku begins distancing herself from the others. If she wishes to claim victory, it will come at a high cost—the lives of her sisters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After having to deal with jealousy from his co-workers for working under his father's name, prideful literary editor Ritsu Onodera is determined to establish himself in the industry. To accomplish this, he quits his job at his father's publishing company and transfers to Marukawa Publishing. But instead of being placed in their literary division, Ritsu finds himself working as the rookie manga editor for the Emerald editing department, a team that operates under extremely tight schedules in order to meet deadlines. There, Ritsu is introduced to the infamous editor-in-chief Masamune Takano, a persistent man who strives for results.As it turns out, Takano is actually Ritsu's high school love, and it is the aftermath of that heartbreak has caused Ritsu's reluctance to fall in love again. Now with the two reunited after several years of separation, the reestablishment of their relationship is marked by Takano's vow to make Ritsu say that he loves him again.Sekaiichi Hatsukoi follows three couples that are interconnected within the manga industry, with each being subject to the budding of first love. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Hibiki Tachibana has defeated many powerful enemies, saved countless innocent lives, and escaped from numerous desperate situations, but she is currently finding herself unable to escape from her most desperate situation yet—summer homework!  Although her high school life is relatively unremarkable, her career as a member of the military organization S.O.N.G. is anything but. Using powerful, ancient armor known as Symphogear, Hibiki and her teammates work with the United Nations to deal with international disputes and disasters.  During a mission briefing at headquarters, Hibiki is made aware of a mysterious organization known as the Bavarian Illuminati, who has been responsible for several major disasters in the past and currently operate in the war-torn country Val Verde. Together, Hibiki and her team infiltrate one of the Bavarian Illuminati's manufacturing plants and free hundreds of slaves. Exposed, alchemists Saint-Germain, Cagliostro, and Prelati reveal themselves as the organization's top brass, and—using alchemical powers—declare a global revolution while sacrificing thousands of lives. Faced with yet another threat to the world's survival, Hibiki and her allies must confront the Bavarian Illuminati in their most difficult and destructive battle yet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Okometsubu Fujiyama has recently transferred over to a new school, Wakame High School. His goal is to make 100 friends--until he meets the extremely weird Masaru Hananakajima. Masaru is a martial artist whose specialty is the "Sexy Commando" form of martial art. Masaru forms a club based on this art, including Fujiyama, who he nicknames Fuumin, in the club. The club becomes full of strange, yet wacky people. Aliens, mustaches, and cute fuzzy animals are encountered as the club moves along and gets steadily more popular.(Source: ANN) In the year since the 77th generation understudies joined AKB0048, the Deep Galactic Trade Organization [DGTO] and DES have stepped up their attacks on entertainment. In response, AKB0048 brings back the general elections and the center nova position. The understudies are now thrusted into a new competition directly against the successors. But as AKB0048 brings back policies not seen since Acchan's disappearance, a new more powerful enemy is quietly moving behind the scenes.(Source: ANN)While most young girls make an effort to show off their feminine charms, Futaba Yoshioka deliberately behaves like she wants to repel anyone who might be attracted to her. Ostracized by her female classmates in middle school for being a little too popular with the boys, she desperately strives to avoid a similar situation in high school by being unnecessarily noisy and graceless.Nevertheless, scattered among Futaba's unpleasant memories are the treasured moments with the boy she had a crush on, Kou Tanaka. Unfortunately, that spell abruptly ended on a sour note when he suddenly stopped attending school and never came back. When Futaba finds out that Kou has returned—with a different last name this time—she can already feel the butterflies in her stomach. However, Kou Mabuchi is not the warm boy that she remembers from her days in middle school; he is now taller, more charismatic and withdrawn—making him far less approachable.Futaba believes that if she returns to her former self, Kou will begin to take notice of her again. But is she prepared to sacrifice her bubble of normalcy and risk losing her friends in the process?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rygart Arrow is different compared to the other people in the continent of Cruzon: he is unable to control quartz, branded an "un-sorcerer." Despite this, he still befriends the future king and queen of Krisna—Hodr and Sigyn—as well as Zess, the younger brother of the Athens Commonwealth's Secretary of War.Several years later, Rygart discovers that there is a war brewing between Krisna and Athens. While visiting Binonten, the capital city of Krisna, he learns that his misfortune as an un-sorcerer enables him to pilot an ancient Golem, a unique ability that quartz-wielding users lack.As Zess leads one of the Athenian strikes upon the capital, Rygart joins the battle with his newfound power in hopes of mending the schism between the two nations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During an after-school shopping trip, Sakura Kinomoto decides to participate in the Tomoeda Shopping District's year-end lottery, with the grand prize being a round trip to Hong Kong. Surprisingly, she draws the winning ball. Alongside her best friend Tomoyo Daidouji, her older brother Touya, her crush Yukito Tsukishiro, and Keroberos, Sakura heads off to Hong Kong.However, vacation for the Cardcaptor will get cut short. Little does Sakura know, the trip may be connected to her recent, prophetic dreams featuring a mysterious woman and Clow Reed himself, creator of the Clow Cards.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Cocona is an average middle schooler living with her grandmother. And she who has yet to decide a goal to strive for, soon met a strange girl named Papika who invites her to an organization called Flip Flap.Dragged along by the energetic stranger, Cocona finds herself in the world of Pure Illusion—a bizarre alternate dimension—helping Papika look for crystal shards. Upon completing their mission, Papika and Cocona are sent to yet another world in Pure Illusion. As a dangerous creature besets them, the girls use their crystals to transform into magical girls: Cocona into Pure Blade, and Papika into Pure Barrier. But as they try to defeat the creature before them, three others with powers from a rival organization enter the fray and slay the creature, taking with them a fragment left behind from its body. Afterward, the girls realize that to stand a chance against their rivals and the creatures in Pure Illusion, they must learn to work together and synchronize their feelings in order to transform more effectively.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials bundled with the DVD/BDs.Kanji Sasahara is an introverted college freshman just looking for a place to fit in. One day, he happens to stumble upon the club known as the Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture—otherwise known as Genshiken—that serves to bring the full spectrum of otaku culture together. His first visit to the club, however, does not end well as Sasahara's pride is crushed by his senior, Harunobu Madarame, and he leaves the meeting in full denial of his otaku nature. However, after befriending club member Makoto Kousaka, who turns out to be a hardcore otaku despite his looks, Sasahara becomes more involved with club activities which include obsessing over their favorite anime, reading doujinshi, and attending conventions. There, he meets other interesting people like Kousaka's vehemently non-otaku girlfriend Saki Kasukabe, who strives to turn her boyfriend into a "normal guy."While Saki struggles to understand otaku culture and her boyfriend's love for it, Sasahara finds himself enjoying his time at Genshiken, gradually shedding any denial he once had about being an otaku and immersing himself in an otaku lifestyle. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Eight hundred years ago, terrifying demons threatened mankind's existence. On the brink of extinction, humans prayed to their gods, calling out for someone to save them. Emerging from these desperate pleas for salvation, battle deities known as the "Idaten" were born. Possessing unnatural strength and endurance, the Idaten managed to defeat the demons and an era of unprecedented peace was finally ushered in.Having never encountered demons before, the present generation of Idaten knows nothing of the demon's brutality, but they have instead only lived a  peaceful existence. Training under Rin, the only remaining Idaten from 800 years ago, the new Idaten find ways to survive in a time where they have seemingly outlived their usefulness. However, when the tyrannical Zoble Empire resurrects a demon, the misfit crop of gods are called to the battlefield against their natural enemy once more.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]"Cute girls doing cute things in cute ways."Everyday things make up the fabric of life—whether it's making friends, going to school, trying to make money, or celebrating a holiday. Ichigo Mashimaro is a heartwarming series that follows the daily lives of Itou Chika, her sister Nobue, and her friends Miu, Matsuri, and Ana.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nube is a clumsy, easygoing, and very kind teacher, but he has a secret under his glove on the left hand. He has a monster hand, and he also has the ability to sense ghosts and evil spirits. So he protects his dear students from these evil spirits with his monster hand, proving to be very powerful.(Source: ANN)After destroying Earth many years ago, the alien race Gauna has been pursuing the remnants of humanity—which, having narrowly escaped, fled across the galaxy in a number of giant seed ships. In the year 3394, Nagate Tanikaze surfaces from his lifelong seclusion deep beneath the seed ship Sidonia in search of food on the upper levels, only to find himself dragged into events unfolding without his knowledge.When the Gauna begin their assault on Sidonia, it's up to Tanikaze—with the help of his fellow soldiers and friends Shizuka Hoshijiro, Izana Shinatose, and Yuhata Midorikawa—to defend humanity's last hope for survival, and defeat their alien foes. Sidonia no Kishi follows Tanikaze as he discovers the world that has been above him his entire life, and becomes the hero Sidonia needs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuation of Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - Exodus.The second season of Tamayura: Hitotose.It's the beginning of a new school year for Fuu and friends. With a new year comes new challenges as Fuu tries to open a photography club at her school.(Source: ANN)While the galaxy remains at peace, Tenchi Masaki continues to live on Earth with Ryouko and Washuu Hakubi, Aeka and Sasami Jurai Masaki, Mihoshi Kuramitsu, and the cat-like creature Ryo-Ohki. Though it sounds great to be surrounded by so many women, they always end up making things difficult for Tenchi by constantly fighting for his attention, and their attempts at household chores always end in disaster.Although life has become more chaotic since they moved in, Tenchi begins to form a strong bond with his roommates and gains more insight into their respective struggles and history.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lin Dong continues his journey to find the ancient relic and make himself stronger so that his family can enter the main one. He also becomes stronger so that Ling Qingzhu approves him and they can get together.Thousands of years ago, the ancient dragon Bahamut wrought havoc upon the land of Mistarcia, a world where both gods and demons live amongst mankind. Working together to prevent the world's destruction, the rival deities barely managed to seal Bahamut, agreeing to split the key between them so that the dragon would remain eternally imprisoned.With the world safe from the destruction of Bahamut, it is business as usual for bounty hunters like Favaro Leone. Living a laid-back, self-serving lifestyle, the amoral Favaro goes about his work while on the run from fellow bounty hunter Kaisar Lidfard, a righteous man who swears vengeance upon Favaro. However, Favaro's carefree life is thrown into chaos when he meets Amira, a mysterious woman who holds half of the key to the world's fragile peace.Shingeki no Bahamut: Genesis tells the story of a group of unlikely heroes who find themselves caught in the middle of an epic clash between gods and demons, forced to carve their own path in the face of the imminent storm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The idols of 765 Production continue on their neverending journey—towards a new stage, towards a bright and shiny future!The girls and their producer have gone through thick and thin, and have stood face to face with all kinds of difficulties.It's time again for the girls to foster their friendship, and through great discipline, they step forward to their starry future.(Source: Official website)Generations have passed since the war with the Space Monsters started, and none remain who know how it began, with even records of those times being scarce. It is a lost cause, but humanity still fights against them, relying on the "Topless": a group of elite space pilots with special powers that allow them to use the Buster Machines—the last hope against the Space Monsters.  Nono, a girl from a remote Martian town, has heard tales all her life of the legendary pilot "Nono-Riri," and wants nothing more than to leave her humble life behind and follow in the footsteps of her idol. Though she has no idea of the dangers that lie ahead, nothing will stop her from achieving her dream. While Nono is down on her luck, she chances upon the lonesome Topless pilot Lal'C Melk Mark, and decides to stake her entire future on following Lal'C, no matter the cost.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An injured man is found in the woods by a girl named Eruruu, and everything about him is mysterious. Without knowledge of his past nor even his own name, he is welcomed to Eruruu's home and is given the name Hakuoro by her grandmother, and younger sister, Aruruu. While the inhabitants of the village have large ears and tails, Hakuoro's defining physical trait is quite different as he has neither ears nor tail, but only a mask that he cannot remove.Soon after he becomes a part of the villagers' lives, a revolution against the tyrannical emperor of the land begins, and the conflict finds its way to his new home. Hakuoro must do whatever he can to save the people and the village that he has come to love, all while uncovering the mysteries that shroud his past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the beginning of December. Anna Kushina's birthday is coming up, so the boys of HOMRA decide to celebrate by preparing a surprise party for their little princess.(Source: TubiTV)Kishibe Rohan wa Ugokanai adapts a handful of one-shots based on the manga series JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken, and follows the bizarre adventures that Rohan Kishibe goes through as he searches for inspiration for his manga.Fugou MuraRohan accompanies manga editor Kyouka Izumi to a secretive village where she plans on buying a house. Izumi informs Rohan that inhabitants of the village suddenly become rich at the age of 25 after purchasing their homes. Being 25 years old herself, Izumi has high hopes for moving into the village and invites Rohan to gather ideas for his manga. As they enter one of the houses for an interview with the seller, they are greeted by a servant named Ikkyuu, who puts them through a test of etiquette with deadly consequences.MutsukabezakaRohan meets with his editor, Minoru Kagamari, to discuss both his manga and the six mountains that the manga author recently bought. He explains that he purchased the mountains in order to search for a legendary spirit known as the Mutsukabezaka. To give his search context, he tells the tale of Naoko Osato, a wealthy heiress who murdered her boyfriend and became cursed by the spirit.ZangenshitsuRohan decides to vacation in Venice after putting his manga on hiatus. While there, he explores the interior of a church and examines the structure of its confessional. After stepping into the priest's compartment, Rohan hears a man enter the confessional and begin to confess his sins. The man recounts his confrontation with a starving beggar and the haunting events that followed.The RunYouma Hashimoto is a young male model who has quickly risen to success. As his popularity grows, so does his obsession with his appearance and body. One day, he meets Rohan at the gym, and the two quickly form a rivalry which pushes Youma to intensify his training. Soon. Youma's fixation on his physique takes a dark turn as his training takes precedence over his life, and he challenges Rohan to a fatal competition on the treadmills.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of what happened to Anne Shirley before she was adopted.Whether it is investigating stone shrines, tracking rumors, or simply playing hide and seek, Koyomi Araragi is always there to fulfill the requests of his friends from both the human and supernatural worlds. Koyomimonogatari tells a series of short stories involving Koyomi as he helps each of the girls in his cohort solve a mystery or kill some time, alongside previously unexplored problems in this essential prelude to his story's last chapter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kyou kara Maou! revolves around Yuri Shibuya, your average Japanese teenager. One day, Yuri sees a classmate being harassed by bullies. Thanks to this intervention, his friend is able to escape, but unfortunately Yuri becomes the new target of the bullies in the process and gets his head shoved into a toilet. But instead of water, the toilet contains a swirling portal that sucks him into another world, largely resembling medieval Europe. There, he is told that he will become the next Demon King due to his black hair and black eyes, traits only possessed by the demon's royal lineage.Yuri's arrival is met with some skepticism by some of the demons, who view him as unworthy to be their king. However, after Yuri wins a duel by utilizing his magical powers, the demons slowly begin to acknowledge him as their monarch. Yuri must now learn what it takes be a true Demon King, as he tries to keep the peace between demons and humans in this strange new realm.11-year-old Persia has grown up alongside the animals on the Serengeti plains of Africa. Twins Riki and Gaku Muroi and their grandfather, Gouken, bring Persia to Japan with them, where she will live with a couple (who Persia calls Mama and Papa) that own a grocery store. During the flight to Japan, Persia finds herself in the "Lovely Dream" where she meets the Fairy Queen, who explains that the Lovely Dream is in danger and requests Persia's help. Giving Persia a magical headband (which can also summon a magical baton) that allows her to transform into a teenage girl, connecting her to the Lovely Dream and allowing her to use magic. She is sent with three kappa back into the regular world with the mission of collecting love energy to thaw the frozen Lovely Dream. If Persia fails her task of collecting love energy or if someone catches her using magic, Riki and Gaku will be transformed into women.(Source: ANN)A short anime based on Manga de Wakaru! Fate/Grand Order by Riyo. Aired during Fate Project Year End 2018, and is also available on YouTube.In this magical world, one is easily identified as having magical abilities by a distinctive mark on their face. Those unable to practice magic are swiftly exterminated to maintain the magical integrity of society. However, deep within a forest lies an anomaly in Mash Burnedead, who can be found pumping iron with one arm and lifting a cream puff with the other. This aloof boy with superhuman strength—but no magical abilities—leads a quiet life with his father, far removed from society.Mash's peace is soon disturbed when the authorities discover his lack of magical powers. They issue him an ultimatum: compete to become a "Divine Visionary," which would force everyone to accept him, or be persecuted forever. To protect his family, he enrolls in the prestigious Easton Magic Academy, which only the most elite and gifted students are allowed to attend. Now, Mash must overcome his shortcomings as a magicless being and surpass the other students—relying solely on his muscles.[Written by MAL Rewrite]First Overlord recap film.Yuuichirou Hyakuya is finally reunited with his childhood friend Mikaela Hyakuya, whom he had long presumed to be dead. Upon their reunion, however, he discovers that Mikaela has been turned into a vampire. Determined to help his friend, Yuuichirou vows to get stronger so that he can protect Mikaela as well as the comrades in the Moon Demon Company.Kureto Hiiragi receives information that a large group of vampires will be gathering in Nagoya, preparing for their assault on the Imperial Demon Army's main forces in Tokyo. Led by Guren Ichinose, Yuuichirou's team is one of many selected to intercept and eliminate the vampire nobles.With the Nagoya mission quickly approaching, the members of Shinoa squad continue to work towards fully mastering their weapons, while learning how to improve their teamwork. Yuuichirou must gain the power he needs to slay the nobles and save his best friend, before he succumbs to the demon of the Cursed Gear.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the season changes from spring to summer, Makoto Yuuki remains alongside the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad (SEES). The team continues to defeat Shadows large and small, but they now clash with a new enemy: Strega, a group of rogue Persona users who wish to keep the Dark Hour to their advantage—it seems that Strega may hold a clue to the Dark Hour's true nature.While SEES enjoys summer vacation in Yakushima, they are joined by Aegis, an amnesiac android designed to destroy Shadows. While she proves herself to be a powerful ally, she is inexplicably drawn to Makoto and constantly remains at his side. As they delve deeper into the mysteries of the Dark Hour, the nature of the mysterious connection that binds these two together is slowly unveiled.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Piano no Mori tells the story of Shuuhei Amamiya, a transfer student, and Kai Ichinose, a problem child from the rough areas of town. Upon transferring to Moriwaki Elementary and telling the other kids about his talent for piano, Shuuhei quickly finds himself as the victim of bully Daigaku Kanehira. Daigaku dares Shuuhei to find and play a cursed piano in the forest, which leads him to meet Kai, who claims to be the owner of the piano and the only one who can play it. Intrigued, Shuuhei follows Kai to the hidden piano in the forest and listens to him play a beautiful medley.Earning the respect of not only Shuuhei but school music teacher Sousuke Ajino as well, Kai now finds himself formally learning how to play the piano.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Independent short animation by Shingo Tamagawa.Frustrating, insufficient, and irritating is how most citizens would describe civil servants. However, three new employees are about to discover what really happens behind the scenes. Lucy Yamagami, bent on revenge against the civil servant who allowed her comically long name to be put on her birth certificate; Yutaka Hasebe, an easygoing guy always on the lookout for a place to slack off; and Saya Miyoshi, a nervous first-time worker, are about to experience the underwhelming satisfaction of being government employees. They are supposed to be trained by Taishi Ichimiya, but he has no idea how to do so, even though he has worked there for eight years. With an incompetent senior colleague and unfavorable confrontations with clients, the trio starts to lose faith in their chosen occupation but encourage each other to do their best. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Whether it be facing misogynistic remarks from her boss or being pressured by condescending co-workers, stress is just another part of the job for 25-year-old red panda Retsuko. Despite being one of the most diligent workers at her office, her diminutiveness and modesty often lead her to be exploited by her colleagues. However, when her irritation hits the limit, Retsuko brings forth her unique brand of letting off steam: aggressive death metal karaoke bashing the idiocy and hypocrisy of her co-workers' actions and work life. Although this venting only takes place in her mind, it gives her an outlet to counter her frustration in a world where hierarchy and appearances reign supreme.[Written by MAL Rewrite] When a soul has committed irredeemable sins, it is removed from the cycle of reincarnation monitored by the Soul Society, and the gates of Hell open to condemn the soul to eternal damnation. From this place from where no one has ever come back, three tormented souls who refer to themselves as Sinners of Hell burst in Karakura Town, where a ruthless fight involving them against the substitute Soul Reaper Ichigo Kurosaki and his friends ensues. In the aftermath of the fight, Ichigo's sisters are abducted, with the aforementioned group's leader Shuren hoping to lure Ichigo to be finally freed from the chains of Hell.Helped by a Sinner named Kokutou, Ichigo and his friends head to Hell for a rescue mission. However, the Soul Society opposes the journey, in fear of threatening the balance between worlds. As the lines between friends and foes get blurred, Ichigo will have to face his most challenging dilemma yet—a decision that may well engulf the three worlds into chaos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVAs bundled with 4th and 5th manga volumes of Diamond no Ace Act II.An epilogue of the Diamond no Ace series.The Chosen Children are in shock after the betrayal of Meicoomon, the digital monster who had recently joined their group alongside her human partner, Meiko Mochizuki. Koushirou Izumi is determined to diagnose the infection that took control of Meicoomon. Meanwhile, Takeru Takaishi realizes that his own partner, Patamon, is starting to exhibit alarming symptoms similar to those of other infected Digimon, like Meicoomon.Just then, the Chosen Children receive a message from the mysterious entity Homeostasis, who informs them that their world is in danger of total destruction—and the Digital World, the home of the Digimon, is too. Homeostasis plans to enact a "Reboot," which will reset all the data that makes up the Digital World and eradicate the infection. However, the Reboot will also erase the memories of all Digimon, including the Children's partners. Can the Chosen Children stop Meicoomon before the Reboot becomes necessary, or is this the end of their time together with their Digimon?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Even though it has been a year since the Iwatobi High School Swim Club has been created, new members have yet to join the club. Now that Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana are senior students, along with their younger friends Nagisa Hazuki and Rei Ryuugazaki, they have to find a way to attract new members. If not, the club will be forced to close the following year due to a lack of membership.Meanwhile, with impending graduation, it is also time for the seniors to decide their plans for the future. Unlike their friend Rin Matsuoka, the new captain of Samezuka Academy Swim Club who is determined to fulfill his dream of being a professional swimmer, Haruka and Makoto are unsure about what career path they want to take.Further problems arise when an old friend of Rin's, Sousuke Yamazaki, comes to the city to study at Samezuka Academy; the recently scouted swimmer's arrival causes tension in the relationship among him, Rin, and Haruka.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kouhei Araki, a veteran editor of the dictionary editorial division at Genbu Publishing, plans to retire in order to better care for his ailing wife. However, before retiring, he must find a replacement to complete his latest project: a new dictionary called The Great Passage. But no matter where he looks, he cannot find anyone suitable, as making a dictionary requires a wealth of patience, time, and dedication.Mitsuya Majime works in Genbu Publishing's sales division, yet he has poor social skills and an inability to read the mood in most situations. In spite of this, he excels at having an enthusiasm for words thanks to his love of reading and careful personality. It is these skills that draw Araki to him and prompt him to offer Majime a position in the dictionary editorial department. As Majime accepts his new position, he finds himself unsure of his abilities and questioning whether he will fit in with his new co-workers. Yet amid the vast sea of words, The Great Passage will bring them together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Gabriel DropOut.Carefree high school senior Yuki Takeya every day looks forward to the School Living Club. Consisting of the president Yuuri Wakasa, the athletic Kurumi Ebisuzawa, the mature Miki Naoki, the supervising teacher Megumi Sakura, and club dog Taroumaru, the club prides itself on making the most of life at school. There is only one rule the club members have to follow: all members must live their entire lives within school grounds.Gakkougurashi! follows the adventures of the School Living Club as they promote independence and self-determination through their lively time residing at Megurigaoka Private High School.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's the start of a new year for the Genshiken crew, and that means recruiting new members. Always a dreaded task, The Society for the Study of Modern Visual Culture manages to get Chika Ogiue pushed onto them from the Manga Club. With her introduction of "I'm Ogiue and I hate otaku," this year certainly will be anything but boring.(Source: ANN)The innocent Nagomi Wahira has always admired the cute girls serving at maid cafes. Hoping to fulfill her dream of becoming one, she moves to Akihabara to work at the maid cafe Ton Tokoton.Nagomi's first day seems completely normal—until she has to run an "errand" at a rival maid cafe along with her fellow recruit, the mature Ranko Mannen. There, things quickly go south, and Nagomi soon gets her first taste of Akihabara's violent maid wars. As she watches Ranko calmly battle her way through a horde of gun- and knife-wielding maids, Nagomi realizes that maid cafes are drastically unlike what she had envisioned.While struggling to reconcile her expectations with the harsh reality she finds herself in, Nagomi searches for the enjoyment she once saw in the lives of maids.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two special episodes featuring a violin rock band, Morfonica. Saya Otonashi is a seemingly ordinary girl living a mundane life with her adoptive family in Okinawa City. In fact, her only peculiarities are suffering from anemia and being unable to remember any of her life beyond the previous year.However, Saya's forgotten past quickly comes back to haunt her—one night, she is attacked at school by a creature that feeds on human blood. Just when all hope seems lost, a mysterious man named Haji appears and fends off the creature temporarily. But when her rescuer forces her to drink his blood, Saya suddenly enters a trance and slays the monster with ease, using her own blood as a catalyst. Saya then learns of an organization named Red Shield, founded for the sole purpose of defeating the hellish beasts. Now Saya and Haji must work together with Red Shield to fight these fearsome monsters and unlock the secrets to the girl's past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As fifteen children at a summer camp enjoy their carefree vacation together, they stumble upon a small cave near the beach. The group finds a mysterious room deep within its caverns, where they meet a strange man who calls himself Kokopelli. The man invites the children to play a game that involves taking turns controlling a robot to protect the Earth against aliens. Thinking it might be an interesting computer game, all but one of the children sign a contract agreeing to play.Later that day, the giant robot appears in person and the children are teleported into its cockpit, where they find Kokopelli, who pilots a fight against a similar robotic creature that has appeared nearby. After winning the battle, Kokopelli tries to apologize but is interrupted as the children are teleported back to the ground in the midst of the carnage.As the bewilderment following the fight settles, the robot suddenly disappears and the children are left scared and confused. Despite seeming like a harmless game at first, the children never anticipated the stakes of this game and how their pasts would intertwine with their decisions going forward.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The 1920s was a decade of great change and upheaval, with monstrous demons appearing across America. To combat this menace, the holy organization known as the Order of Magdalene was established. The organization's New York branch is home to the young and reckless Sister Rosette Christopher, as well as her partner Chrno. Tasked with the extermination of demonic threats, the renowned team is excellent at their job, despite causing extensive collateral damage on their missions.However, both Rosette and Chrno are driven by their dark pasts. Through exterminating demons, Rosette hopes to find her lost brother Joshua who was taken by the sinner and demon, Aion, with whom Chrno also shares a bloody history. The two of them must fight off the increasingly dangerous demonic menace and discover its source, while continuing to search for the truth behind Joshua's disappearance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita requests of Doraemon the Moshimo-box and wishes for the world to become a place where the use of magic is possible. Witchcraft replaces science and technology and everyone makes use of it on their daily lives, except for Nobita, who, like usual, isn't very good at conjuring spells. Frustrated, he plans on returning things to their past state, but his mother threw the Moshimo-box away. One day, Doraemon and his friends meet Professor Mangetsu, who studies magic and magical beings such as goblins, and his daughter Miyoko, and are warned of the dangerous approximation of the "star of the Underworld" to the Earth's orbit. With the future of the planet at stake, the group must travel to the Underworld and pierce the heart of the Underworld King with a silver dart, as detailed in the ancient texts of "The Chronicles of the Underworld". Their attempts are, however, thwarted and Miyoko captured. Doraemon and his friends then decided to use the Time Machine to return to the past and, using Dorami's Moshimo-box, they manage to restore the Earth. The events on the Underworld continue, however, to take place in a Parallel Universe, where Miyoko is still captive. As a result, the group is once again forced to travel to the Underworld and defeat its tyrannical ruler once and for all. (Source: AniDB)Emma has been a maid for most of her life. Working for a retired governess—the strict but compassionate Kelly Stownar—Emma has grown to love her work and has long since accepted her place in society. Beautiful, hardworking, and exceptionally kind, Emma has captured the hearts of many of London's working men—but their feelings always remain unrequited. Emma is waiting for love, and she finds it in the most unlikely of places.William is the eldest son of the wealthy Jones household—a family that has only recently been accepted into the gentry, securing their position in high society. He is also the former ward of Mrs. Stownar, and on his first visit in years, he falls madly in love with her maid. His earnest attempts to win her affection, coupled with his good nature and warm personality, have captured Emma's heart.But the polite society of 19th century England does not take kindly to the rejection of tradition. As a result, Emma and William's relationship could not face more opposition. In a world where the class lines are as strongly defended as the borders of nations, does their love have the strength to survive?[Written by MAL Rewrite]During a visit to the National Library, Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo stumble upon a strange old book that casts a red light, sucking them inside its unfamiliar world. Upon arrival, the two encounter hostile slave traders and barely escape with the help of Tamahome—a powerful young man bearing a Chinese symbol on his forehead. But, a moment later, the red light returns and takes Yui away. Desperate to reunite with her companion, Miaka asks Tamahome for assistance. However, the situation escalates when the pair encounters the land's emperor, Hotohori, who believes Miaka is the foretold priestess of the kingdom's protector god Suzaku. By gathering the god's seven Celestial Warriors, the priestess can summon Suzaku and have all her wishes granted. Hotohori hopes this will save his country, and since it appears to be a fitting solution to the girl's problems as well, he convinces her to accept the role.Meanwhile, at the library, Yui realizes she has been brought back alone. Unable to intervene, she helplessly witnesses Miaka traversing through courageous trials as the mysterious book's heroine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The journey to find all eight sacred gems continues, as Sousuke and Shino travel in search of the remaining gem holders. From the shadows the Imperial Church continues to scheme, and a mysterious woman seeks to fulfill a sinister plot with the gem holders at its heart. As the origin of the gems comes to light, so does the truth behind Sousuke's doppelganger, Ao, as he resurfaces with his own goal—one involving Sousuke and his gem!(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Third season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.Shuuzou "Shuu" Matsutani lives his ordinary life in peace. He has friends, a crush, and a passion for kendo. Dejected after losing to his kendo rival, Shuu climbs a smokestack to watch the sunset where he finds Lala-Ru, a quiet, blue-haired girl wearing a strange pendant. Shuu attempts to befriend her, despite her uninterested, bland responses.However, his hopes are crushed when a woman, accompanied by two serpentine machines, appear out of thin air with one goal in mind: capture Lala-Ru. Shuu, bull-headed as he is, tries to save his new friend from her kidnappers and is transported to a desert world, unlike anything he has ever seen before. Yet, despite the circumstances, Shuu only thinks of saving Lala-Ru, until he is thoroughly beaten up by some soldiers. As he soon finds out, Lala-Ru can manipulate water and her pendant is the source from which she is able to bring forth the liquid, a scarce commodity in his new environment. But now, the pendant is lost, and Shuu is the prime suspect.Ima, Soko ni Iru Boku is the haunting story of a dystopian world, and of Shuu, who has to endure torture, hunger, and the horrors of war in order to save the lonely girl he found sitting atop a smokestack.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is said that if someone seeks revenge, they should dig two graves—and this is especially true of those who use the Hell Correspondence website. At the stroke of midnight, this ominous web domain becomes accessible, and whoever inputs the name of their grudge will get a visit from Ai Enma, the Hell Girl. Ai explains that she will send the target's soul to hell, but the requester will also end up in hell when they die.For some, that price is far too steep; for others, where they will spend their afterlife has no bearing on their current, day-to-day hell. But one thing is certain: the Hell Girl will always be available to those in need of revenge, while she stoically performs her duty of ferrying souls into the darkness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the events of Jigoku Shoujo Futakomori, Ai Enma, the Hell Girl, has disappeared. Her former companions decide to lead normal lives, until their absent mistress returns to them with a new companion, and in a way that none of them anticipated.Yuzuki Mikage is a normal schoolgirl who soon comes to understand the Hell Girl on an intimate level. During a dream-like trance in the bathtub, Ai kisses Yuzuki and possesses her. So when Yuzuki's friend decides to type in the name of their teacher in the Hell Correspondence website, Ai makes use of Yuzuki's body to accomplish her own task of ferrying the teacher's soul to hell. Yuzuki is disturbed by her new circumstances and wonders why she was chosen to continue Ai's work. Unfortunately for her, the Hell Girl and her assistants resume operation of Hell Correspondence, and she is dragged along for the ride towards hell itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With his mother taken away from him and having lost everything, Lag Seeing is now a letter whose delivery has been assigned to Gauche Suede, a Letter Bee. Despite their troubling start, the two of them become friends, leading Lag to realize what his aim in life is: to deliver people's most important feelings in the form of letters, just as Gauche has done.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Seventeen-year-old Tenchi Masaki grew up hearing stories about how his ancestor used a sword to seal a demon inside a cave seven hundred years ago. When curiosity gets the better of him, Tenchi goes to the cave and stumbles across the sword from the legend. Thinking that the story is nothing more than a fairy tale, he removes the blade and inadvertently releases the demon, who turns out to be a space pirate named Ryouko Hakubi. Furious about being trapped for so long, she attacks Tenchi, but he is able to repel her with the sword, awakening his inner power. After seeing this, Ryouko takes an interest in her unlikely savior and decides to crash at his place.As if it were a chain reaction, more alien women—Aeka Jurai Masaki, an uptight princess from the planet Jurai; Sasami, Aeka's sweet younger sister; Mihoshi Kuramitsu, a ditzy Galactic Police Officer; and Washuu Hakubi, a wisecracking genius—gradually come in contact with Tenchi and begin living with him. Through his encounters with these five women, Tenchi begins to learn more about his ancestry, newfound power, and the looming threat lurking beyond the skies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]765 Production Studio manages the unique talents of 13 professional idols as they slowly make their way to the top and become country-wide celebrities. But the girls' journey is far from just fun and games: hard work, sweat, and tears are some of the prerequisites needed to flourish in this industry—and for 765 Pro in particular, a watchful eye out for their rival, the infamous 961 Production.As the girls' fame grows, however, their time together as a family diminishes, and now the very popularity they sought is threatening to tear them apart. A difficult balance of work and bonding must be achieved, or they risk everyone going their separate ways. The personal and professional ordeals of these idols can not be conquered alone, but with each other's loving support, any obstacle or hardship can be overcome![Written by MAL Rewrite] Haruki Kitahara's light music club is on the verge of disbanding. At this rate, the third year's dream of performing at the school festival would never be realized. However, as his exhausted fingers drift through the chords of "White Album," the first song he would ever play, an angelic voice and mysterious piano begin harmonizing with his lonely guitar. It is a momentous performance that marks the beginning of everything for Haruki.White Album 2 orchestrates Haruki's final semester with complex romance and exhilarating music, as the curtains of the stage he so desired begin to open...[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the conclusion of an unforgettable summer break, Aoi Yukimura remains invigorated to continue pursuing her new hobby in mountaineering. Having braved her fear of heights and fulfilled her childhood promise with Hinata Kuraue, any opportunity to go climbing intrigues the first-year high school student—including a second chance to reach the summit of Mt. Fuji.Although the formidable yet exciting trip is planned for next summer, Aoi is already preparing as much as she can to guarantee her success this time around. However, as budding expectations blossom with the shift of the seasons, ascending the unexplored peaks of colorful endeavors begins to strain the bond between the two longtime friends and the perspectives they share of the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haré's family receives a video letter from Weda's home in the city. Witnessing how sad and lonely Weda's mother and Bel are without her, Weda decides to take Haré and Guu back to the city for a while. After Haré complains about being bored and lonely without his friends in the jungle (as part of his plot to persuade his mother to take him back), Weda decides to send him to a private school in the city, where he instanly falls in love with a pretty girl named Rita. But, of course, Guu wants part of the action too.(Source: ANN)After living together for three years, Misaki Takahashi and Akihiko "Usagi" Usami's relationship has been progressing smoothly. However, all great relationships have problems, and theirs is just beginning. With a new rival on the horizon, Usagi worries about Misaki's feelings towards him. Meanwhile, Ryuuichirou Isaka has always loved to intrude on Misaki and Usagi's love life, but his own love life hasn't been all smooth sailing—Isaka and his secretary Kaoru Asahina have been dating for a few years; however, Asahina prefers to keep their professional and private lives separate, often leading to troubled waters between them.As for Nowaki Kusama and Hiroki Kamijou, now that their careers are finally taking off, they hardly see each other anymore. With the time they spend together lessening, doubts and insecurities threaten to creep in between them. On the other hand, the 17-year age gap between Shinobu Takatsuki and You Miyagi has been a constant barrier in their relationship, but as they learn more about each other, their self-consciousness continues to fade.The beloved couples of Junjou Romantica, Junjou Egoist, and Junjou Terrorist are back again, this time with a new addition: Junjou Mistake![Written by MAL Rewrite]Jubei Kibagami wanders feudal Japan as an itinerant swordsman-for-hire. After a past betrayal left him masterless, he has no more patience for warring political factions and their schemes. Unfortunately, both past and political intrigue collide when he meets and saves a female ninja named Kagero from a man with the ability to make his body as hard as stone.The sole survivor of a ninja clan, Kagero continues her team's last mission: investigate a mysterious plague that wiped out an entire village. Jubei wants nothing to do with this, but the stone-like man's allies, a group of ninja with supernatural powers known as the Devils of Kimon, make that option difficult. To make matters worse, a government spy poisons Jubei, promising him an antidote if he can unravel the true intentions of the Devils of Kimon and their connection to the plague. The trail leads to shadow leaders, a plot to overthrow the government, and a man that Jubei thought he would never see again.Entranced by surfing and the sea, Hinako Mukaimizu is a spirited girl who attends college in a coastal city with no consideration for her future career. Her life takes an unexpected turn when a fireworks mishap sets the apartment building she lives in ablaze, where she is saved by a talented firefighter named Minato Hinageshi. Upon meeting, the two quickly become acquainted with one another—Hinako is instantly enamored by Minato's reliable personality and passion for saving others, while Minato is intrigued by surfing and is eager to learn how. As Hinako begins to teach Minato about surfing, the pair eventually fall in love and begin a gentle and devoted relationship.However, while surfing may seem fun and carefree, it can still be a dangerous and unpredictable activity. This is what Hinako learns when a surfing incident completely changes her life, leaving her forced to contemplate her undecided future. In search of her own calling, Hinako begins her journey of self-discovery, keeping Minato by her side as she gradually attempts to find her purpose and ride her own wave.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three years into the war, Mahito Maki loses his mother in a tragic fire at the hospital. Shortly thereafter, his father marries Natsuko, the younger sister of Mahito's mother. They take Mahito out of Tokyo to seek refuge in his late mother's rural family home. There, Mahito is constantly taunted by a strange gray heron, who seems to have taken an interest in him.Unable to come to terms with his loss and struggling to adjust to a new life in an unfamiliar place, the boy is shocked to discover that Natsuko is pregnant. To make matters worse, the pesky heron can speak—and claims that Mahito's mother is still alive. Luring him into a mysterious tower near the residence, the heron says that Mahito can save her from death, but the boy is not easily swayed.When Natsuko disappears one day, however, Mahito watches her walk into the tower and becomes compelled to venture in to rescue her. He soon finds himself falling into another world below his, where life and death seem to be entwined. As he navigates through this foreign realm to find Natsuko, Mahito must understand what it means to live if he wants to safely return home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When 15-year-old Kino is feeling weighed down by heavy thoughts, one thing always manages to cheer her up: traveling. Nothing fills her heart with joy like exploring the beautiful, wonderful world around her and the fascinating ways people find to live. However, Kino is not as helpless as her cute appearance and courteous demeanor suggest. Armed with "Cannon" and "Woodsman," her trusted handguns, Kino isn't afraid to kill anyone who would dare to get in her way. Always by her side is her best friend and loyal companion Hermes, a sentient motorcycle, who supports Kino through the sorrows and hardships of their journey. Together, they travel the vast countryside with the shared goal of always moving forward, and a single rule: never stay in one country for more than three days.As Kino and Hermes encounter new people and learn the rules of their civilizations, they grow and find out more about their own values and virtues. But as Kino slowly discovers the world around her, she also finds herself facing dangers that linger within the vast unknown.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Magical Taruruto-kun is a magical boy, fighting, and comedy TV show based on the manga of the same name by Tatsuya Egawa which ran in Weekly Shounen Jump.A promotional preview summary of the events in Detective Conan Movie 09: Strategy Above the Depths. Aired before the movie.He is a little boy who has a terrible power. On his forehead is a third eye that, if open, releases extremely dangerous mystical energy that turns him into an evil sorcerer, bent on conquering mankind, and able to summon demons and wielding a red harpoon wand called Red Condor. To protect mankind from his terrible power, Sharaku is made to wear a bandage which seals his third eye. While his eye is sealed, Sharaku knows nothing of his true nature or his power, and does not remember his evil half's sinister attempts to conquer the world.Rikuo Nura, a part-youkai and part-human boy, grew up as the young master of the Nura Clan. While he treated the clan, which consists of youkai of all shapes and sizes, like family, he soon learned that he was the only one among his classmates who saw youkai in this light. To most, they were terrifying creatures of folklore who ate children and relished in bloodshed. Taking this to heart, he swore to live his life as a normal human.Normalcy, however, is hard to come by for young Rikuo. Complicating his goal are his youkai attendant, who under the name Tsurara Oikawa, goes to school alongside him; the young onmyouji Yura Keikain; and his close friend Kiyotsugu, who idolizes youkai and hopes to prove their existence. To make matters worse, rival youkai and other entities threaten to harm those Rikuo holds dear.If he wants to protect what's important to him, Rikuo must acknowledge his ancestry—that he is the grandson of the legendary Nurarihyon—and transform at night into a youkai, becoming worthy of being the next leader of the Nura Clan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Osomatsu-san.In the late 19th century, as the cruel times of the Bakumatsu period came to a close, a new Meiji era marked the age of restoration for Japan. With the war over, its infamous hero Hitokiri Battousai disappeared into thin air, leaving only his legend behind.Years later, a seemingly plain wanderer named Kenshin Himura encounters Kaoru Kamiya, the owner of a struggling local dojo in Tokyo. Kaoru pursues a self-proclaimed Battousai who roams the streets, indiscriminately killing citizens and police officers. Furthermore, the warrior professes to use the Kamiya Kasshin-ryu—a sword style developed by Kaoru's father deeply rooted in the essence of life, not death.Kenshin decides to help Kaoru take down the impostor and restore her father's dojo. Unbeknownst to all, Kenshin is none other than the real warrior whose name still terrifies the people. Although Kaoru eventually learns the truth, his oath to atone for his murderous history by bloodlessly protecting the weak moves her, and she welcomes Kenshin to stay at her dojo. However, Kenshin's ideals are soon challenged by ghosts of the past and enemies of the present.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After returning from a field trip, Yoshikazu Miyano—along with his friends—is ready to take over the Discipline Committee. But when a student loses their keychain, the now former chairman Masato Hanzawa uses this opportunity to create the First Lost Item Detective Squad in order to find the misplaced belonging.Amidst all this, Shuumei Sasaki is trying to determine how to define his relationship with Miyano going forward. Hoping to be helpful to Miyano, he joins the search party. Yet, even with Sasaki on board, the investigation remains unsuccessful. The group must continue to look everywhere and solve the mystery surrounding the keychain soon—as they discover that many more items have gone missing.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yukino Miyazawa is the female representative for her class and the most popular girl among the freshmen at her high school. Good at both academics and sports on top of being elegant and sociable, she has been an object of admiration all her life. However, in reality, she is an incredibly vain person who toils relentlessly to maintain her good grades, athleticism, and graceful appearance. She wants nothing more than to be the center of attention and praise—which is why she cannot stand Souichirou Arima, the male representative for her class and the only person more perfect than her. Since the first day of high school, she has struggled to steal the spotlight from her new rival but to no avail.At last, on the midterm exams, Yukino gets the top score and beats Souichirou. But, to her surprise, he congratulates her on her achievement, leading her to question her deceptive lifestyle. When Souichirou confesses his love to Yukino, she turns him down and gloats about it at home with only a hint of regret. But the very next day, Souichirou visits Yukino house to bring her a CD and sees her uninhibited self in action; now equipped with the truth, he blackmails her into completing his student council duties. Coerced into spending time with Souichirou, Yukino learns that she is not the only one hiding secrets.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yoshimura Sumimura comes from a long line of "Kekkaishi," individuals who have supernatural abilities and are able to destroy evil creatures called Ayakashi that venture into the human realm from time to time. The Ayakashi are demons that look to feast on the power emanating from the land of Karasumori, which also happens to be where Yoshimura's high school is located. Now, Yoshimura must fight to protect his beloved school and hometown. Although, if it were up to him, he would rather be baking cakes than fighting off the ugly characters that show up at night.Thankfully, Yoshimura isn't the only one helping to keep the baddies at bay. His childhood friend and neighbor, Tokine Yukimura, joins him in this righteous battle. Despite the fact that they are from rival clans, these two make a fantastic team. And teamwork is something vital to fighting the evil that is closing in, as the Ayakashi attack in waves, looking to claim the land as their own, and a shadowy organization looks on, ready to pounce when the time is right...In the year Future Century 0060, the many countries that once comprised Earth's surface exist as separate colonies floating in space. Their home planet now uninhabitable, the ruler of all of the colonies is decided by their unanimous participation in the intergalactic Gundam Fight Tournament—a series of battles between the champions of each colony to determine who is most fit to reign over them all.Neo-Japan's champion is Domon Kasshu, a man who accepts the role with some ulterior motives. Domon searches the galaxy for his brother, a criminal who allegedly murdered their mother and made off with the Devil Gundam, a highly advanced weapon with the power to unleash mass destruction across the galaxy. In his quest to bring his sibling to justice, Domon travels from colony to colony, meeting many of the fighters who will become his allies and enemies in the forthcoming Gundam Fight Tournament.Armed with the strength of the Shining Gundam, Domon battles to uncover the truth behind his tortured childhood, suffering great betrayal and crushing blows on his quest toward personal and national triumph.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei.The story is about Yun Che, the main character, who is cornered by his enemies at Cloud's End Cliff on the Azure Cloud Continent.As the fall season nears its end, Chidori Yoshino, a member of Strega, abducts Junpei Iori. Meanwhile, Makoto Yuuki and the Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad (SEES) annihilate the Arcana Hanged Man. Soon after, a mysterious playboy named Ryouji Mochizuki transfers into Gekkoukan High School's Class 2-F.Supposedly having achieved their goal, the members of SEES believe they are free from the battle that has ruthlessly stolen away the lives of their loved ones. And yet, Tartarus and the Dark Hour continue to exist, undeterred by the extermination of the twelfth Shadow. Distraught by their apparent failure, SEES must cope with their personal struggles and discover whose sake they fight for. As Makoto and Junpei's journeys of self-discovery progress, Ryouji's identity and the reason behind Aegis's hate for him become clear.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Located on the outskirts of Tokyo, Hachimitsu Private Academy is a prestigious all-girls boarding school, famous for its high-quality education and disciplined students. However, this is all about to change due to the revision of the school's most iconic policy, as boys are now able to enroll as well.At the start of the first semester under this new decree, a mere five boys have been accepted, effectively splitting the student body into a ratio of two hundred girls to one boy. Kiyoshi, Gakuto, Shingo, Andre, and Jo are quickly cast away without having a chance to make any kind of a first impression. Unable to communicate with their fellow female students, the eager boys set their sights on a far more dangerous task: peeping into the girls' bath!It is only after their plan is thoroughly decimated by the infamous Underground Student Council that the motley crew find their freedom abruptly taken from them, as they are thrown into the school's prison with the sentence of an entire month as punishment. Thus begins the tale of the boys' harsh lives in Prison School, a righteous struggle that will ultimately test the bonds of friendship and perverted brotherhood.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Covered in ice and snow, Elior Forest is the home to dangerous magical beasts and 50 elves frozen in ice. One day, the great spirit Puck helps a young girl break out of her ice prison. Her name is Emilia, a half-elf born with silver hair, long ears, and amethyst eyes—features that resemble the evil Witch who destroyed half the world long ago. Shunned by society because of her appearance, Emilia dwells in the forest with Puck as her sole companion and family. Burdened with a sin of destruction she does not remember committing, she spends her days trying to find a way to help her frozen kin. But when the great spirit Melakuera, the Arbitrator of the world, finds Emilia, her right to stay alive is brought into question. Will the bonds of ice she formed with Puck prove to be the warm thread that defies fate?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirteen years ago, the Nefarious Monster Army invaded Earth, but humanity's great protectors, the Dragon Keepers, defeated them in a single year! Every Sunday since, the monsters have been forced to act out humiliating defeat after defeat in front of the unsuspecting public. Determined to change this, a single monster, D, infiltrated the Ranger Force. With the help of the mysterious Ranger, Yumeko Suzukiri, D managed to seize one of the divine artifacts—the only weapons capable of permanently killing the monsters' immortal bodies! However, D's subsequent encounter with the Dragon Keepers led to his unfortunate end, so who will stop them now...? (Source: Kodansha USA)Akazukin Chacha is the story of a young magical girl (Mahō Shōjo) named Chacha. Living with her guardian in a cottage on Mochi-mochi mountain is Seravi, who is her teacher and also the fictional world's greatest magician. Chacha is clumsy in casting her spells because, throughout the anime, when she summons something, it often turns out to be something that she didn't mean to cast, for example, spiders (kumo) instead of a cloud (also kumo). At times in the anime when she and her friends are in trouble, however, her spells do work. Living on the same mountain is a boy gifted with enormous strength named Riiya. It is described that Riiya came from a family of werewolves who can instantly change into a wolf whenever they want. Quite far from Mochi-mochi mountain lies Urizuri mountain. Dorothy, also a well known magician in her land, lives in a castle on Urizuri mountain. Living with her is Shiine, her student. Shiine is adept when it comes to casting spells. He is a young wizard and most of his knowledge about magic was taught to him by Dorothy.The first 2 seasons were originally created by the anime team. Most of the stories in season 3 are based on the manga.(Source: Wikipedia)OtotoOn their way home from school, the Pastime Club encounters Hanako Honda's younger brother, Kentarou. The timid yet studious boy introduces himself to Hanako's friends but quickly attempts to leave the awkward situation. However, he is roped into joining the three girls to have some fun at the park.AmusutoronguChisato Higuchi's spontaneous question of which Pastime Club member is the strongest leads to a fierce arm-wrestling contest—spurred further by some underhanded methods.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kasumi Toyama and the members of Poppin'Party—their high school band—are now second-year students, but with the new school year comes their latest set of challenges: student council duties, cram school, and part-time jobs, among other things. Furthermore, they are now separated into different classes, and as a result, their free time together is shortened. Looking back, their joyful times together seem like nothing more than an unachievable fantasy when their members are too occupied to even gather in Arisa Ichigaya's basement for practice sessions. As the band ponders over the situation, an unfamiliar girl suddenly emerges, unknowingly pulling them into the spotlight once more.In this rising era of girl bands, Afterglow, Pastel*Palettes, Roselia, and Hello, Happy World! begin to make their appearance as well. Each band, comprised of musicians with their unique personalities, illuminates the stage with its performances. As Poppin'Party returns to the music scene and encounters new friends, the sparkling, heart-pounding music starts to play once again![Written by MAL Rewrite]Arriving in Japan, underground golfer Eve wants nothing more than to play a match against Aoi Amawashi, the "Innocent Tyrant" prodigy that caught her eye. However, the girls, wishing to finally settle the score on who is the better golfer, will have to wait until the conclusion of the All-Japan Girls' High School Gold Doubles Championship. Now competing together for the Raiou Girls' Academy's golf team, Eve and Aoi decide to work together to claim a win for their institution.For a chance at defeating their more challenging opponents, both girls must find a way to further develop their golfing styles. However, dangerous figureheads pull strings in the background, making this high school golf tournament much more serious than it appears. In addition, Eve's illusive past resurfaces, making matters between her and Aoi even more complicated than they already were.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Black Jack is an "unregistered" doctor with a clouded, mysterious past. He works with his little assistant Pinoko (who has a massive crush on the doctor), dealing with medical cases not very well known, which can be strange, dangerous, or not known at all. But he is a genius, and can save almost any of his patients' life (as long as they have the money for it, that is), and is known to many around the world, especially to those of medicine and science. He's a man of science himself, and does not believe much until he has seen it, yet it is many times he is surprised by love and nature often overpowering the science he bases his life in.  (Source: ANN)A brother and sister discover the digital world is more than 1s and 0s when a living creature arrives out of the family computer. The adventures of a group of children start with the appearance of a Digital Monster in the real world.(Source: ANN) After a janitorial mishap, an unsuspecting custodian transforms into Janemba, a fat, yellow demon who wreaks havoc throughout the afterlife. Gokuu Son has been competing in martial arts tournaments for the undead since his heroic death in the battle against Cell. Soon, Janemba's chaos draws Gokuu and fellow combatant Pikkon toward him, forcing the pair to figure out a way to defeat the giant monster.After a bout with him, Gokuu witnesses Janemba undergo another transformation: the demon sheds his fat and changes color, turning into a sword-wielding enemy more powerful than anyone Gokuu has faced thus far. With the aid of his similarly deceased rival Vegeta, Gokuu must stop the terrifying Janemba from disrupting the very fabric of the universe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan."This time for sure, I will kill my king with my own hands..."Jerusalem, 1273 A.D. Here, both the wandering knight, Bedivere, and Chaldea’s own expedition find the Sixth Singularity. The residents of this desolate land have been driven from their homes as three opposing powers battle for control of the land.Bedivere and company seek the help of the Mountain People to rise up against the Lion King and the Knights of the Round Table and combat their slaughter of innocents. After a deadly struggle and the loss of a dear friend, the group approaches Ozymandias, the Sun King, whose incredible power could help them turn the tables. In the halls of this great pharaoh, they desperately seek an alliance. Ozymandias, however, reveals the Lion King’s plans and refuses to assist in foiling them, instead wishing to protect his own people.Shaken to their core by the revelation of the Lion King’s true intentions, Bedivere and the Chaldean expedition decide to mount an attack on Camelot itself, hoping to put an end to the Lion King’s schemes.At last, the day of the final battle in the Holy City arrives.What are the true intentions of the Lion King, who has become so cold-blooded and diabolical?How can humanity be saved from a world where ruin has been already promised?What will become of Bedivere after shouldering the burden of a sin that can never be pardoned?(Source: Official Website)With the seniors having graduated from high school, the determined swimmers eagerly take on their futures with a dream to fulfill. Now attending Hidaka University in Tokyo, Haruka Nanase unexpectedly runs into Shiina Asahi, an old teammate and friend from his middle school days. Consequently, the troubling memories regarding his middle school swim team resurface, as it was a time when Haruka's views on swimming became negative and led him to quit the team. Haruka later reconnects with his other middle school classmates; all except for Ikuya Kirishima, who still resents Haruka for quitting the team, resulting in its disbandment. Aware of the issues between them, Haruka resolves to improve his friendship with Ikuya. However, he quickly realizes that making amends with an old friend isn't his only obstacle. Facing the reality and challenges of encountering higher calibre swimmers, Haruka must work hard to establish himself if he dreams of competing on an international level.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haruka Nanase has reconciled with his rival Rin Matsuoka, and they have re-established their friendship, determined to race each other again. Now Haruka, along with Makoto Tachibana, Rei Ryuugazaki, and Nagisa Hazuki, prepare for their upcoming tournaments, determined to compete wholeheartedly and achieve victory as a team. At Samezuka Academy, Rin resolves to do the same.Further, the seniors near graduation, and Rin has decided his future plans. However, Haruka and Makoto remain uncertain, and they begin to feel the pressure of having to choose their own paths.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mithril, a covert military institution using state-of-the-art technology to combat terrorist operations, assigns a specialized team to a sensitive mission. Under the command of superior officer Melissa Mao, sergeants Sousuke Sagara and Kurz Weber must secretly protect Kaname Chidori—a teenage girl who unconsciously holds breakthrough scientific knowledge and is considered a "Whispered"—from intelligence agencies and other organizations pursuing her abilities.While Kurz and Melissa are to assist him remotely, Sousuke enrolls at Kaname's high school as one of her classmates to closely monitor her. However, his militaristic upbringing and poor social skills lead to a difficult adjustment to civilian life. Not only does he attract unnecessary attention, but his actions frequently make Kaname suspicious of him.Despite the earnest attempts to fulfill his duty, a terrorist ambush further complicates Sousuke's task. Recognizing the vicious mastermind behind the assault, Sousuke abandons his orders to ensure Kaname's safety.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Disguised as a boy, young Chizuru Yukimura leaves her quiet home and heads to Kyoto in search of her missing father—a medical doctor by the name of Koudou. She soon learns that the volatile capital city is a dangerous place to be in as she is ambushed by a pair of ronin while in the streets. Much to her horror, the ronin are slain right in front of her eyes by white-haired, red-eyed samurai, only to be quickly disposed of by three men from the Shinsengumi—a special police force who serve the shogun.After the incident, Chizuru finds herself being taken into custody by the Shinsengumi for further questioning. Upon learning that her missing father is also the same man they are searching for, the chief allows her to stay in their care while they look for his whereabouts. While working as an assistant for second-in-command Toshizou Hijikata, Chizuru slowly discovers just how connected the troubling political environment of Kyoto and the demonic-looking white-haired samurai are to her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Makino Tsukushi, a girl who comes from a poor family, just wants to get through her two last years at Eitoku Gakuen quietly. But once she makes herself known by standing up for her friend to the F4, the four most popular, powerful, and rich boys at the school, she gets the red card: F4's way of a "Declaration of War." But when she doesn't let herself be beaten by them and is starting to fall for one of the F4, Hanazawa Rui, she starts to see that there is more than meets the eye...(Source: ANN)This OVA is a summary of the first three episodes of Hellsing, with the animation style of Hellsing Ultimate and following the events of the Hellsing manga.Shingeki no Kyojin Season 3 DVD/BD specials. They are chibi parody shorts; one video was included on each of the DVD/BDs for a total of seven. Each video contained three stories (essentially chibi parody short episode 38–59) which continued the chibi parody story from the previous chibi parody specials included on the DVD/BDs of the previous seasons.As the elegant, frail flower petals wither away into lifeless ashes, the young duke is tragically reminded of the despicable power forced upon him—the ability to kill anything he touches. Scorned by his family, he is sent away to live in near isolation. Fortunately, he is not entirely alone, as the manor's staff—his dutiful butler Rob and the flirtatious maid Alice—keep him company and make his life less miserable.As the duke's romantic feelings for Alice grow, so does his continued frustration for the limits set by his unfortunate ability. Therefore, he resolves to break the curse cast upon him all those years ago, not only for his sake, but Alice's as well—for he is painfully aware of how difficult it is to avoid the touch of a loved one.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the performing arts division of Seishou Music Academy, the ever-evolving stage threads the lives of its students together as they tirelessly hone their craft. Yet, as the girls prepare for a new rendition of the previous year's performance, the carefree Karen Aijou begins to settle for a smaller role. However, her waning passion is reignited by the return of her childhood friend Hikari Kagura, whose sudden transfer to the academy triggers a flurry of changes in the class dynamics.Subsequently, Karen chances upon a secret battleground underneath the school, which houses a set of auditions that will crown its ultimate victor as "Top Star." As she dives headfirst into these enigmatic trials, Karen begins to learn about the tribulations that come with vying for the top. Even if fate wills them apart, Karen and Hikari must fight in hopes of fulfilling their childhood promise: to become stars together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After fending off the threat of a Neuroi invasion of Romagna and destroying the enemy's nest over Venezia, Yoshika Miyafuji goes back to her home town in the Empire of Fusou. Despite the loss of her magical and healing abilities, the former officer of the 501st Joint Fighter Wing wants to continue studying medicine. This is in order to help those in need, both civilians and those on the front lines alike. She receives an invitation from a prestigious school in Europe and decides to accept the offer, embarking on a journey back to the war-torn continent.However, a new danger arises, as more and more Neuroi manage to break through human defense lines, appearing unnoticed in supposedly safe areas and disturbing the balance of power in Europe. Yoshiki's sense of duty collides with her inability to pilot a Striker Unit, but with her friends in peril, it seems that there is only one thing she can do.[Written by MAL Rewrite]1. Naniwa no Oujisama: Zenpen2. Fuun Shounen Atobe3. Naniwa no Oujisama: Kouhen4. Rikkai Retsuden: Ouja ni Idomu HangyakujiThe story takes place between the first and second season, where Rimuru confronts the swirling conspiracies in the Coleus kingdom.(Source: MAL News)The war between the Levamme Empire and the Amatsukami Imperium has been raging for years. In the midst of this struggle, the prince of the Levamme Empire declares his love for Juana del Moral and vows to end the war in one year, as part of his marriage proposal. When the Amatsukami catch wind of this, they assault the del Moral residence, targeting Juana's life. As a last ditch effort to bring the prince his bride, the San Maltilia Airforce hires a mercenary of mixed blood—a bestado—to fly Juana to the Levamme capital in secret. The pilot, Charles, accepts the mission...but traversing an ocean alone, into enemy territory, proves a much more dangerous ordeal than anyone could have anticipated.(Source: NIS America)Duke Fleed is a survivor of the Fleed Planet who is escaped to the Earth, onboard a mysterious "spaceship", where is raised by Dr. Umon as his adoptive son, and known as Daisuke Umon. Years after his arrival, he's faced with the threat of King Vega and his army, who want to conquer the Earth. With his friends Koji and Hikaru (and later his younger sister Maria Grace), Duke decides to fight back using his best weapon - the almighty Grendizer.After a month abroad, the Foreign Expedition Team has returned to the Japan U-17 training camp. The group consists of 20 players, each with strength and technique that far surpasses those who occupy the camp's top court. In anticipation of the team's arrival, the coaches announce that 20 of the best players would be selected for further training. Tension begins to rise when only high school students are chosen to participate, but the middle school students challenge the players who possess the 11th to 20th positions to steal their places.With the delayed appearance of the "Genius 10," the middle school students begin scheming among themselves to claim those spots as well. Unlikely pairings start to work together, combining their efforts to defeat the top 10 players of the country. It is a battle of wits, deception, and skill—all for the privilege of representing Japan at the U-17 World Cup.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The duke, full of love and kindness, treads carefully around every living being, be it a tender flower or his seductive maid, Alice Lendrott. Were it not for the devotion Alice shows him and the fondness that grows ever stronger between them, the duke would have barely paid heed to his mother's demand: to either lift the dreadful curse placed upon him or lose his family inheritance. Although the duke has no greed for riches, he yearns to be rid of his frightful powers—which cause all he touches to die—for the sake of those closest to him.As the duke, Alice, and their friends enjoy spirited days filled with the ridiculous affairs of the supernatural, the spring deadline looms heavily over them. Nonetheless, the duke refuses to take any shortcuts in this endeavor if it means betraying the trust of his cherished friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 1947, the people of Shinjuku are down on their luck. With little money to buy food or necessities, some resort to gambling in order to survive. Traveling Tetsuya chooses to spend his time at Mahjong parlors where he is wiping the floor clean with his adversaries. However, when Tetsuya meets the intensely skilled Boushu-san, he realizes that his skills are still lacking.(Source: ANN)In the Sun Kingdom, sunshine is part of its citizens' everyday lives, and rain is something that they have never even heard of. However, in a faraway land called the Rain Dukedom, the weather is reversed, and everybody has the power to create rain with their voices.Livius Ifrikia has conquered the entire world and expanded the Sun Kingdom's influence in the three short years since he was crowned king. Upon learning about the powers to create rain, Livius decides to marry Nike Remercier, one of the princesses of the Rain Dukedom. However, those outside the Sun Kingdom have spread a rumor that Livius is a cruel, ruthless, and tyrannical ruler, and as word reaches the princess, she begins to prepare herself for the worst. But when she finally meets her fiancé, Nike discovers that he is an entirely different person from what she originally expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tokyo Highway Patrolwomen Natsumi and Miyuki get off to a bad start when Miyuki busts Natsumi for reckless moped driving on her way to work. Things get worse when they find out they're going to be partners!A continuation of the OVA series, the adventures of Tokyo policewomen Natsumi and Miyuki continue in the You're Under Arrest TV series. It's back to Bokuto Precinct, where demented felons and bashful (but hunky) policemen abound, and where the cutest girl in the office... isn't a girl.(Source: Rightstuf)In between slaying monsters and negotiating with neighboring countries, Rimuru Tempest has his hands full attending to his kingdom alongside day-to-day matters. But whether it's expanding the farms in the summer heat or shoveling snow in the chilly winter, no task is too big for Rimuru and his friends![Written by MAL Rewrite]When Qian Yunshang's marriage to Ye Youming is arranged by the emperor, she is terrified that the bad blood between their families will lead to her being treated miserably in the Ye household. Torn between duty and concern for his daughter, Qian Aotian devises a reckless plan. He summons his firstborn daughter—her existence unknown to all but his own family—to be the stand-in for her younger sister.Due to her unusual powers, Qian Yun Xi was exiled by her family when she was a child. Deprived of filial affection, she made a life of her own amid the wilderness on Mt. Ling Yun. However, everything begins to change when she marries Ye Youming in her sister's stead. Harboring immense contempt for the family of Qian, Ye Youming refuses to acknowledge Qian Yun Xi as his wife and treats her coldly, going so far as to banish her from his palace grounds. But he can only resist her childlike charm and boldness for so long...[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the wake of their first home burning down, Nasa and Tsukasa Yuzaki are seeking temporary shelter at the Arisugawas' bathhouse. Though they have only been married for a short time, their relationship has only become sweeter by the day. Nasa is determined to spend as much time with his wife as possible, basking in the happiness of their marriage.The newlyweds find new ways to explore their relationship. From adopting a cat, going to an amusement park, and even watching an impromptu romantic comedy featuring Nasa's former teacher, every day is a new experience. But while Tsukasa continues to meet the people in Nasa's life, Nasa has yet to meet more of Tsukasa's family. Though they appear to be the picture-perfect couple to everyone around them, Nasa begins to wonder if he will ever learn more about his wife's mysterious past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nan Harding is the new student at Mr. and Mrs. Bhaer's school. Everyone thinks that she is a pain in the head, but not Mrs. Jo. Together with the other kids, they all embark on their personal adventures and misfortunes while learning in school. (Source: ANN)Born into a unique world where villages fight to gain power and control, the main character, Shi Hao, is a genius blessed by the heavens born under the poorest of conditions.His clan, however, has a mysterious past. To rise up and become the genius he is meant to be, the clan goes through every effort to aid his cultivation as they battle through fanatical monsters and engage in power struggles with other clans.His journey will bring him through unknown lands until he is able to become a person that can truly shake the world.(Source: Novels Xianxia&Xuanhuan Wiki)Following the suicide of her best and only friend, Koito Nagase, Ai Ooto is left grappling with her new reality. With nothing left to live for, she follows the instructions of a mysterious entity and gets roped into purchasing an egg, or specifically, a Wonder Egg.Upon breaking the egg in a world that materializes during her sleep, Ai is tasked with saving people from the adversities that come their way. In doing so, she believes that she has moved one step closer to saving her best friend. With this dangerous yet tempting opportunity in the palms of her hands, Ai enters a place where she must recognize the relationship between other people's demons and her own.As past trauma, unforgettable regrets, and innate fears hatch in the bizarre world of Wonder Egg Priority, a young girl discovers the different inner struggles tormenting humankind and rescues them from their worst fears.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One morning, Hachiman Hikigaya contemplates the superfluous nature of marriage and its misleading image of happiness. However, he is forced into confronting his skepticism when the Volunteer Service Club is tasked with assisting a local municipal magazine advertise the allure of marriage to younger people. Unfortunately, neither the club's advisor, Shizuka Hiratsuka, nor the other club members have any firsthand experience with the subject. With only one week until the deadline, the group must quickly learn about the intricacies behind the special ceremony, even if they have to resort to more creative means![Written by MAL Rewrite]Supersonic monkeys, vampires, talking fishmen, and all sorts of different supernatural monsters living alongside humans—this has been part of daily life in Hellsalem's Lot, formerly known as New York City, for some time now. When a gateway between Earth and the Beyond opened three years ago, New Yorkers and creatures from the other dimension alike were trapped in an impenetrable bubble and were forced to live together. Libra is a secret organization composed of eccentrics and superhumans, tasked with keeping order in the city and making sure that chaos doesn't spread to the rest of the world.Pursuing photography as a hobby, Leonardo Watch is living a normal life with his parents and sister. But when he obtains the "All-seeing Eyes of the Gods" at the expense of his sister's eyesight, he goes to Hellsalem's Lot in order to help her by finding answers about the mysterious powers he received. He soon runs into Libra, and when Leo unexpectedly joins their ranks, he gets more than what he bargained for. Kekkai Sensen follows Leo's misadventures in the strangest place on Earth with his equally strange comrades—as the ordinary boy unwittingly sees his life take a turn for the extraordinary.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special Vehicles Division 2 is back on duty, along with their Ingram Patrol Labor (Patlabor) robots. Using their courage as well as the Ingrams, Captain Goto's motley crew of officers battle crime in Tokyo city. They also deal with their personal lives, as well as the supernatural. (Source: ANN)Bundled with the 6 Blu-ray/DVD. It will adapt the 124th chapter of the manga, which depicts when Kuroko and Aomine first met.Having decided to walk down a path separate from their inspirations as idols, the girls of Aqours are more determined than ever to shine brilliantly as school idols. With their previous performance marginally increasing the number of prospective students for their endangered school, they look to carry the momentum of their small step forward into the school's upcoming open house and the next Love Live competition. Hoping to use these events to bring more attention to their school, the nine girls look to give their best performances yet.Unfortunately, these small steps forward are not enough to convince Mari Ohara's father from changing his plans. Undeterred by Mari's pleas for reconsideration, the decision to close down the school is made official, putting an end to Uranohoshi Girls' High School's student recruitment, including the open house. Though all hope seems to be lost, the school idols refuse to give up. Faced with impossible odds, Aqours sings, dances, and shines in the hopes of bringing about a miracle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During a rash attempt to save her father and her dying home planet of Eltria, Kyrie Florian is betrayed by her childhood friend, Iris. Furthermore, the power Kyrie has gathered from Nanoha Takamachi and the other Earth protectors cannot be used to help her father.Iris casts the despairing Kyrie aside, having acquired what she desired to exact revenge on Yuri Eberwein, a powerful being who lies dormant on Earth. Left to pick up the pieces, Nanoha and her allies must confront the troublesome Iris to uncover the truth and stop the conflict between her and Yuri.However, amidst the raging battles, a much more dangerous threat lingers in the shadows. No matter the obstacle, Nanoha remains diligent and does not hesitate to help those in need with her magic.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yako Katsuragi is an acclaimed high school detective, who, despite her young age, has solved many cases. In fact, there seems to be no case that she cannot solve, or any culprit that escapes justice. But within the walls of her detective agency lies the secret to her prolific crime-solving skills: the cases are actually solved by her assistant, Neuro Nougami.However, to call Neuro an ordinary man would be incorrect. In reality, he is a demon, who came to the human world in search of the ultimate mystery, having already solved every mystery in the demon world. With Yako as his proxy, he feasts on the negative energy released by humans when they commit crimes. Thus, he promises to help Yako solve the mystery of her father's death. But to do so, he must avoid drawing too much attention to himself, which is why Yako plays the role of the detective. As Yako desperately searches for the truth of her father's death, the unlikely duo continues to solve case after case in order to satisfy Neuro's ravenous appetite.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The young but feared sorcerer Zagan is a candidate to become a member of the 13 Archdemons—a group of the strongest sorcerers in the world—following the death of their eldest member, Marchosias. When attending the deceased Archdemon's estate auction, Zagan finds something he did not expect: love at first sight. The sorcerer impulsively spends all his money to take Nephelia, a rare elf slave, back to his castle. Given the girl's mysterious and troubling past, there is a lot for Zagan to uncover about his new companion.However, Zagan's lack of experience with the unfamiliar feeling of love leads to many awkward moments between him and Nephelia, whom he calls by the nickname "Nephy." As the two grow closer and get more comfortable around each other, it becomes increasingly evident that Nephy's feelings might not be so different from Zagan's.[Written by MAL Rewrite]3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka.Kenji, Asakura, and Oota are an apathetic trio of school friends, notorious for often beating up fellow delinquents without reason. Tired of the mundane fights that once provided the group with temporary adrenaline, Kenji looks for an alternative source by starting a band on a whim. Enlisting the rest of his gang, he picks up the bass, with Oota on the guitar and Asakura on the drums. Despite having no prior experience playing musical instruments, their first session far exceeds their expectations.Ongaku is the raw depiction of three teenage boys from the moment they discover the beauty of making music to their first live performance that turns a simple cure for boredom into a fiery expression of passion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Naru Ayase is an 8th grader who can see the colors of music when she listens to it. For Naru, who is extremely good at decorating, becoming the owner of a shop like Dear Crown was her dream. One day, she finds out that the manager of a newly-opened shop is recruiting middle school girls who can do Prism Dance, and immediately applies. Naru begins to Prism Dance at the audition, and an aura she's never experienced spreads out in front of her. At that moment, a mysterious girl named Rinne asks her if she can see "rainbow music."(Source: ANN)"Reawakening Memories" deals with Akane suddenly remembering a trip to Ryugenzawa when she was a small child. While there she was saved from a giant platypus by Shinnosuke. Akane travels back to Ryogenzawa and once again meets Shinnosuke, who falls in love with her. Akane blames herself for Shinnosuke`s life-threatening injuries, and decides to stay and help out. This irritates Ranma, who thinks that Akane has fallen in love with Shinnosuke, and will do what it takes to get her back.In the far future, war has destroyed the entire Earth, leaving only a barren wasteland where the supply of water is controlled by the greedy king. In search of a long-lost lake, Sheriff Rao asked the king of the demons for help...and got the king's son, Beelzebub, and his assistant, Thief. Together the unlikely trio sets off across the desert, facing dragons, bandits and the deadliest foe of all... the King's army itself! (Source: Viz Media)The bustling metropolis of Kansai, where cybernetic screens litter the neon landscape, may seem like a technological utopia at first glance. But in the dark alleys around the brightly-lit buildings, an unforgiving criminal underbelly still exists in the form of fugitives known as "Akudama." No stranger to these individuals, Kansai police begin the countdown to the public execution of an infamous Akudama "Cutthroat," guilty of killing 999 people. However, a mysterious message is sent to several elite Akudama, enlisting them to free Cutthroat for a substantial amount of money. An invisible hand seeks to gather these dangerous personas in one place, ensuring that the execution is well underway to becoming a full-blown bloodbath.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shi Miao has a lot of experience dealing with her older brother's peculiar habits. After all her scolding, it is natural to expect that Shi Fen's antics would come to an end. But having spent their whole life together, it is obvious to Miao that some things never change—and maybe that is for the best.Despite his recklessness, Fen usually means well. As a result, a tight-knit friend group has formed around him and his sister. Joined by their classmates—Kai Xin, Wan Sui, and Miaomiao—the Shi siblings' tenure at high school continues to be an absolute spectacle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This story is about a girl, Candy, who is an orphan. She is a nice and optimistic girl and she has a warm heart. When she was a child, she lived in an orphanage called Pony's Home. She had a good friend called Annie. And she met the "Prince of the Hill" who is a important person in her life, on the hill behind the orphanage.She was adopted by the Leagan family. What's awaiting her are the bad-hearted Neil and his sister, Eliza. One day, in the rose garden, she met a boy, who is identical to the "Prince of the Hill" who she had met in her childhood. His name is Anthony. Thereafter, a fantastic story that she has never expected begins.(Source: AnimeNfo)  The story takes place in 19th century China during the Qing Dynasty, where the Emperor was weakened and the country was close to chaos. It is also during a fictitious era called "The Era of the Cooking Wars". It was an era in which top chefs with different cooking styles tried their best to improve their skills and to become the best chef in China. It is a country where insulting a high-grade chef or fooling around with cooking could land a person in a jail, and impersonating a top-chef is as good as usurpation of authority. Chefs compete with each other in order to gain respect and even power, but also with the risks of losing everything.The country of China has four major regions: Beijing, Szechuan, Shanghai, and Guangdong.The beginning of the story takes place in Szechuan, Mao's birthplace.After the death of Mao's mother, Pai, who was called the 'Fairy of Cuisine', Mao becomes a Super Chef in order to take the title as Master Chef of his mother's restaurant. However, before he takes his mother's place as Master Chef, he continues to travel China in order to learn more of the many ways of cooking, in the hopes of becoming a legendary chef, just like his mother. During his journey, he meets great friends and fierce rivals who wish to challenge him in the field of cooking.(Source: Wikipedia)The second season of Da Wang Rao Ming.One hundred boys, each of them in love with baseball, represent the Seidou High School baseball team. On any team, the Ace is the star of the game. Besides the main heroes, others are striving to attain this position, and each of them has their strengths, weaknesses, and emotional journeys that they have to undertake to become the best that they can be.Ryousuke Kominato is known in Seidou not only for his impressive fielding skills but also as an intimidating presence despite his small stature. While together with his partner, Youichi Kuramochi, they are the cornerstones of the team's defense on the field.  Youichi is shadowed by his younger brother, Haruichi, whose admiration for Ryousuke is only matched by his own skills at the sport. Together with Yoichi's roommate, Eijun Sawamura, the players reminisce about their path to Seidou High.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although Fairy Tail has been disbanded and its members are now spread far across Fiore, Natsu Dragneel hasn't given up on reuniting the guild he and others once called home. Along with his companions Happy and Lucy Heartfilia, he will stop at nothing to keep Fairy Tail and its fiery spirit alive even as they face their most difficult trial yet—the invasion of Fiore by the Alvarez Empire's immense army and their all-too-familiar ruler.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third-year high school student Jirou Yakuin is in love with his childhood friend and classmate, Shiori Sakurazaka. Thus, he hopes to be paired with her for the marriage practical: their school's practice of randomly selecting boy-girl pairs to live as pretend married couples while monitoring and rating them on how close they have gotten. Meanwhile, the lively Akari Watanabe wants to be assigned to her crush, the popular and good-looking Minami Tenjin.Much to their dismay, Jirou and Akari find out that not only have they been paired together, but so have Shiori and Minami! Determined to be with their crushes, Jirou and Akari strive to earn as many points as possible, as the top 10 pairs earn the right to switch their partners—so long as both couples agree.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rumors about a potential plot to dismantle the Shinsengumi by setting fire to their headquarters have spread amok. As most of the talk stems from an inn in Shimabara, the Shinsengumi place trust in Chizuru Yukimura for help with the investigation. Disguised as a geisha, Chizuru infiltrates the inn to provide intel for the Shinsengumi but quickly finds that the operation is more intricate than they could ever imagine.At the same time, each member of the Shinsengumi has their own reservations and concerns about using their sole female colleague to gather intelligence. Knowing what dangers await her, they all resolve to protect her at any cost.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Constantly outperformed by the girls' club, the boys' soft tennis club faces disbandment due to their poor skills and lack of positive results in matches. In desperate need of members, Touma Shinjou is looking to recruit capable players, but he fails to scout anyone. Enter Maki Katsuragi, a new transfer student who demonstrates great reflexes when he catches a stray cat in his classroom, instantly capturing Touma's attention. With his interest piqued, Touma ambitiously asks Maki to join the boys' team but is quickly rejected, as Maki doesn't wish to join any clubs. Touma refuses to back down and ends up persuading Maki—only under the condition that Touma will pay him for his participation and cover other club expenses. Maki joins the team, and his incredible form and quick learning allow him to immediately outshine the rest of the team. Although this gives rise to conflict among the boys, Maki challenges and pushes his fellow team members to not only keep up with his seemingly natural talent, but also drive them to devote themselves to the game they once neglected. As the members of the boys' soft tennis club discover their own capabilities, they endure personal hardships and deal with the darker side of growing up in middle school.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The full versions of episodes 10 and 11 that were previously edited together into episode 10 of the TV series.As the grand festival of True Cross Academy draws near, exwires and exorcists alike combine their efforts to banish any demon that threatens the celebrations. Among them, Rin Okumura is tasked with exorcising the soul-devouring demon known as the Phantom Train alongside his brother Yukio and Shiemi Moriyama.During their mission, the Phantom Train escapes its tracks and begins ravaging True Cross Academy. In the ensuing chaos, Rin encounters a childlike demon he dubs Usamaro, and begins to develop an odd friendship with it. However, Usamaro's abilities might be far more sinister than Rin initially expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rebel organization Reunion has reduced the city of Chernobog to ashes and despair. That is only the beginning of its uprising against the nations prejudiced toward those infected with the highly contagious and deadly disease Oripathy. Now, the rebels have set their sights on Lungmen—a prosperous city infamous for its inhumane treatment of the sick. After witnessing Reunion destroy her homeland, Chief Ch'en of the Lungmen Guard Department's Special Inspection Unit leads her squad to defend her city.Meanwhile, Amiya, the Doctor, and the rest of the advanced pharmaceutical company Rhodes Island continue to oppose Reunion on all fronts. However, they soon find themselves in a deadlock against a powerful enemy: FrostNova, a Reunion commander whose fearsome wintry powers cause anyone unfortunate enough to stand in her way to slowly perish in frost.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miwa Kurushima and her colleague Yukari Higuchi hunt for a skilled individual to run the counter bar at the famous Hotel Cardinal. The chairman of the hotel demands only one thing of the potential hire: the bartender must be able to craft the ultimate drink known as the "Glass of God." Because Miwa does not fully understand the requirement, her search runs dry after everyone she has scouted cannot get past the chairman's scrutiny.Nestled in a quiet and secluded place among the bustling alleys of Ginza is Eden Hall. This cozy bar is maintained by Ryuu Sasakura, a prodigy mixologist who knows exactly what drink will ease his customers' worries at any given time. Every glass that he serves is garnished with humility, providing much-needed solace to people from all walks of life in their time of need.In a chance encounter, the chairman is left speechless by Ryuu's astute bartending skills and is determined to have him join Hotel Cardinal. He becomes one of Ryuu's regulars, attempting daily to convince Ryuu to leave Eden Hall. But even with the assistance of Miwa, it is more difficult than expected to recruit this particular bartender.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Under the doctrines of Quirk Doomsday Theory, the ideological group Humarise is convinced that all humans with quirks are diseased and must be eradicated. In order to rebuild the world, the group's extremists have constructed a lethal device known as a "Trigger Bomb" that causes people with quirks to lose control and die. Their leader, Flect Turn, evades capture from the Pro Heroes deployed around the world.During his work study in the country of Otheon with Japan's number one Pro Hero, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya is accused of a crime he did not commit. Unintentionally involving Roddy Soul, a local, Deku soon finds himself on the run with the boy. It is now up to Rody, Deku, and Deku's classmates to stop the Trigger Bomb plot set in motion by Flect, all while eluding the other persistent members of Humarise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An OVA summarizing all 25 episodes of season 1 from Lelouch's viewpoint.Nobita finds a fossilized dinosaur egg by accident, and with the help of Doraemon's tools, they hatched the egg and began raising the dinosaur. Knowing that they can't keep the dinosaur forever, Nobita was forced to send it back to prehistoric times where a group of hunters from the future threatens to endanger the dinosaurs. Determined to save the dinosaurs from the claws of the hunters, Doraemon and the gang returns to the past and sets out in a prehistoric adventure. (Source: ANN)After the defeat of the demon lord Hadlar all of the monsters were unleashed from his evil will and moved to the island of Delmurin to live in peace. Dai is the only human living on the island. Having been raised by the kindly monster Brass, Dai's dream is to grow up to be a hero. He gets to become one when Hadlar is resurrected and the previous hero, Avan, comes to train Dai to help in the battle. But Hadlar, announcing that he now works for an even more powerful demon lord, comes to kill Avan. To save his students Avan uses a Self-Sacrifice spell to attack, but is unable to defeat Hadlar. When it seems that Dai and Avan's other student Pop are doomed a mark appears on Dai's forehead and he suddenly gains super powers and is able to fend off Hadlar. The two students then go off on a journey to avenge Avan and bring peace back to the world.(Source: ANN)A group of enigmatic white-haired children has been spotted at different times and places in Europe for over 500 years. Always with the appearance of 11-year-olds, they behave far more mature than they should be, never grow old, and seem to have supernatural power. What they have been seeking is a girl, and the only clue they have is a picture with a crescent moon. Now, in the year of 2012, an athletic boy named Tohma is about to be involved in this centuries-long mystery.(Source: ANN)The boisterous student Kaname Chidori and soldier Sousuke Sagara are enjoying a blissful high school life. However, their peaceful days are disrupted by the threatening terrorist organization Amalgam. Leonard Testarossa, a member of the organization who possesses "Whispered," seeks to procure Kaname and her knowledge. Kaname and Sousuke's battle against Amalgam starts right in their own neighborhood, which eventually takes them on a hunt around the world. From the exotic lands of Laos to the barren Mexican coast, Sousuke must gather intelligence to bring down Amalgam. Meanwhile, Kaname's abilities grow, but so does her frustration as her resolve withers. Caught up in an intense game of hide and seek, as well as strategic plots, the pair try to connect and push beyond their own limits. [Written by MAL Rewrite]In Japan, there exists a government agency known as the Supernatural Disaster Countermeasures Division (SDCD), whose duty is to protect the citizens from creatures unseen. They are able to dispatch these monsters swiftly and without alerting the general public. But currently, they face a different challenge: the betrayal of one of their own.After the death of her mother several years ago, Kagura Tsuchimiya has been fostered by the Isayama family and forms a close sister-like bond with their daughter Yomi. The two become inseparable, and together they work for the SDCD as highly skilled exorcists. However, as the stress and consequences of their sacred duty weigh on them both, and family politics come into play, Kagura and Yomi begin to slowly drift apart. One of them grows earnestly into her role as an exorcist, and the other heads down a dark path from which there may be no redemption.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mido Ban and Amano Ginji are known as the Get Backers, retrievers with a success rate of 100%. Whatever is lost or stolen, they can definitely get it back. Despite their powerful abilities and enthusiastic behavior, Ban and Ginji are terminally broke no matter what they do simply because few people would actually desire to hire them. As a result, the pair of them tend to do dangerous jobs, often leading to unwanted re-encounters with their old (and dangerous) friends.Special episode included in the second Blu-ray/DVD volume.After swearing off music due to an incident at the middle school regional concert band competition, euphonist Kumiko Oumae enters high school hoping for a fresh start. As fate would have it, she ends up being surrounded by people with an interest in the high school brass band. Kumiko finds the motivation she needs to make music once more with the help of her bandmates, some of whom are new like novice tubist Hazuki Katou; veteran contrabassist Sapphire Kawashima; and band vice president and fellow euphonist Asuka Tanaka. Others are old friends, like Kumiko's childhood friend and hornist-turned-trombonist Shuuichi Tsukamoto, and trumpeter and bandmate from middle school, Reina Kousaka.However, in the band itself, chaos reigns supreme. Despite their intention to qualify for the national band competition, as they currently are, just competing in the local festival will be a challenge—unless the new band advisor Noboru Taki does something about it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The diligent high school freshman Akira Kagiura and his senior Taiga Hirano have been roommates for half a year. Kagiura used to be anxious about his future dormitory life, but thanks to his energetic senior looking out for him, he has come to feel content and at ease. As he continues to rely on Hirano more and more each day, he develops strong feelings for his selfless friend. In the six months they have left as roommates, Kagiura is determined to put a name to the relationship he cherishes so dearly before it comes to an end. [Written by MAL Rewrite]In the second series after Raoh has been defeated by Kenshiro a new rival appears. The Gentou Kouken warriors. Falco the successor of the Gentou Kouken takes orders from an evil ruler by the name of Jacko. He claims to be the man chosen by the Tentei and issues orders to his subordinates to capture anyone living in order to build up his Imperial Capital. Kenshiro once again rises out of the shadows and puts an end to his tyrannical ways. Amidst the mayhem Lynn gets captured and gets taken to the land of the Shura where only ruthless fighters exist. Now Kenshiro must pursue the captor and defeat the 3 Rasho of the land in order to escape with his life and with Lynn.Tie-in anime linked to the "Idol Land PriPara" smartphone game.There are many street races in the Initial D Series. This OVA has no plot other than to collect all the street races into one stage. The dialog during the original races is left in. Despite the defeat of Quinella—the pontifex of the Axiom Church—things have not seemed to calm down yet. Upon contacting the real world, Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya finds out that the Ocean Turtle—a mega-float controlled by Rath—was raided. Due to a sudden short-circuit caused by the raiders, Kirito's fluctlight is damaged, leaving him comatose. Feeling insecure about the people at the Axiom Church, Alice brings the unconscious Kirito back to their hometown—Rulid Village, disregarding her banishment due to an unabsolved crime. Now, Alice is living an ordinary and peaceful life close by the village, wishing for Kirito to wake up.However, tragedy strikes when Alice notices that the Dark Territory has already started to invade the Human Empire. Reassuming her previous alias, Alice Synthesis Thirty, she promises to defeat the Dark Territory in order to defend the world that Kirito and Eugeo worked so hard to protect.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Syaoran, Sakura, Kurogane, Fai and Mokona's journey through to different world's continue as they search for Sakura's feathers. The fated journey slowly becomes more complicated for our travelers, as they find themselves diving deeper into more dangerous worlds.Prequel to the TV anime series revolving around the "origin of the dream."Gamilans are facing their biggest hurdle yet: their planet is dying at an alarming pace. To save his people and relocate them to habitable land, Aberdt Desler feigns submission to the oppressive rule of the planet Galman, which houses a race almost identical to the Gamilans. Desler's true objective is to seize control and accelerate the salvation of his nation. However, as Gamilans begin their migration, an unidentified massive power attacks them and completely warps their twin planet—Iscandar, Queen Starsha's home.Meanwhile, Earth is celebrating the success of the magnificent Space Battleship Yamato and its heroic crew. A new generation of promising recruits joins Yamato and its two new support ships, led by Yuki Mori and Shirou Sanada. But not everyone agrees with the past decisions of its captain, Susumu Kodai. During the Yamato's six-month-long training mission and diplomatic meeting with the Gamilans, the crew learns of the recent catastrophe, and against all orders, Kodai commands the fleet to Iscandar to aid the surviving refugees.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When a gate to another world suddenly opens on Earth, Mikado City is invaded by strange creatures known as "Neighbors," malicious beings impervious to traditional weaponry. In response to their arrival, an organization called the Border Defense Agency has been established to combat the Neighbor menace through special weapons called "Triggers." Even though several years have passed after the gate first opened, Neighbors are still a threat and members of Border remain on guard to ensure the safety of the planet.Despite this delicate situation, members-in-training, such as Osamu Mikumo, are not permitted to use their Triggers outside of headquarters. But when the mysterious new student in his class is dragged into a forbidden area by bullies, they are attacked by Neighbors, and Osamu has no choice but to do what he believes is right. Much to his surprise, however, the transfer student Yuuma Kuga makes short work of the aliens, revealing that he is a humanoid Neighbor in disguise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of the Yowamushi Pedal series.Upon her return to Japan after a two year study break in Paris, Ichigo Amano is met with news of Team Ichigo's separation, as each of the Sweets Princes takes a different path toward their dream. Now in her first year of high school, Henri Lucas has a project in store for her, enlisting the help of Ichigo, Makoto Kashino, and new members Lemon Yamagishi and Johnny McBeal to give rise to a new Team Ichigo. As the four work together on this project, Ichigo and Makoto continue to grow closer, though Johnny and the unrelenting Miya Koshiro will not idly sit by; with Johnny's eye on Ichigo and Miya still after Makoto, it definitely seems like love won't come easily.With Ichigo's time at St. Marie Academy, she is now ever closer to her dream of starting her very own pâtisserie. However, she will soon realize that it takes more than just making delicious sweets to open up a shop.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a tranquil neighborhood of Tokyo, seven students are avoiding going to school—hiding in their darkened bedrooms, unable to face their family and friends—until the moment they find the mirrors in their bedrooms are shining.At a single touch, they are pulled from their lonely lives into a wondrous castle straight out of a Grimm's fairy tale. This whimsical place, oddly lacking in food and running water but full of electrical sockets, is home to a petulant girl in a mask, named Wolf Queen and becomes their playground and refuge during school hours. Hidden within the walls, they're told there's a key that will grant one wish, as well as a set of clues to find it. But there's a catch: the key must be found by the end of the school year and they must leave the premises by five o'clock each day or else suffer a fatal end.As time passes, a devastating truth emerges: only those brave enough to share their stories will be saved. And so they begin to unlock each other's stories: how a boy is showered with more gadgets than love; how another suffers a painful and unexplained rejection, and how a girl lives in fear of her predatory stepfather. As they struggle to abide by the rules of the game, a moving story unfolds, of seven characters trapped in a cycle of misunderstanding and loneliness, who are ultimately set free by the power of friendship, empathy, and sacrifice. (Source: Erewhon Books, edited)What do Shuchiin Academy's model students do outside of their student council duties? After a visit to the swimming pool, Kaguya Shinomiya and Chika Fujiwara take to the showers to wash themselves off. When Chika accidentally drops a bar of soap, the two find themselves in a rather slippery mishap. Meanwhile, Miyuki Shirogane and Yuu Ishigami examine a discarded pornographic magazine—its content bearing an uncanny resemblance to the other student council members. Later on, an intense fried rice cook-off commences as Chika and Miko Iino seek to crown a master chef amongst the council. These eccentric activities reveal a side of the student council that has never been seen before![Written by MAL Rewrite]Meimi Haneoka, 14, is a normal girl during the daytime, but during the night, she assumes the "position" of Saint Tail, a modern-day Robin Hood who steals from thieves and gives items back to their original owners. She is aided by her friend, Seira Mimori, a nun-in-training, and she is chased by her classmate (and soon-to-be love interest), Daiki Asuka (often called "Asuka Jr."). (Source: ANN)Time flies when you're having fun, and it seems like only yesterday that Oomiya Shinobu was nervously waiting for her friend Alice Cartelet to arrive from England to study at Shinobu's school in Japan. Now, in their third and final year, Alice, Shinobu, Aya, and Youko have truly become the best of friends and even Karen, Honoka, and Kana are part of the gang as well. But since it's their last year, that means their time will be split between preparing for the big senior trip to Nara and Kyoto, and trying to make plans for whatever is to come next in their lives... and in Shinobu's case, that may mean something so amazing that she'd never even dared to dream it![Source: Sentai Filmworks)Mirai Momoyama, Emo Moegi, and Rinka Aoba are 2nd year students at Kirarigaoka Middle School in Kirajuku, and together they form an idol group called "Miracle☆Kiratts"! The popularity of their streaming programs has skyrocketed! One day, a mysterious Pri☆Chan idol named "Dia" appears, and everyone is given a Jewel Pact. Along with that, she announces the opening of the "Jewel Auditions", an event where idols with a jewel-like shine are chosen to become "Jewel Idols". Only those who can pass the audition with a sparkling heart can make their "Kiratto Jewel" shine, allowing them to receive their "Jewel Coord". And out of all of them, only the best "Jewel Idol" can wear the long-admired "Diamond Coord". Who's going to be?!(Source: PriChan Wiki, edited)Within the Chinese imperial court, stern-faced Emperor Xiao Jinyun and spirited Empress Xu Yu are at constant odds with one another. But the universe has an interesting way to solve their issues: an accident causes the two to switch bodies, forcing them to put themselves in the other's shoes—literally. Now responsible for unfamiliar duties and court dynamics, the emperor and empress must navigate the maintenance of their identities, unruly concubines, and the nation itself. In doing so, Xiao Jinyun and Xu Yu's personal qualities and unconventional skills find new purpose, and a sense of understanding and compassion grows between the two.However, great threats loom within and outside the court. If the imperial astrologer cannot discover the key to switching them back in time, then internal strife and suspicion may lead to the duo's untimely demise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jigen tells the story of the gang's first meeting. Jigen, still a member of the Mafia, is hired to protect an ancient artifact - one that Lupin and Fujiko are both trying to steal. Meanwhile, Inspector Zenigata, then of the Japanese police force, has come to the U.S. on Fujiko's trail, and Ishikawa Goemon is searching for the lost treasure of his clan. (Source: ANN)This is a series of OVAs covering some of the Magic World manga arc by Ken Akamatsu, starting with chapters 184 through 188.27-year-old Tokyo office worker Mire Yoshizuki just returned to Japan, while 22-year-old fourth-year college student Sora Nagase aspires to be a teacher, and 20-year-old boyish Reika Kawatani is a part-time Hiroshima okonomiyaki shop worker and freelancer. What draws together these three women from completely different walks of life is a magic gem. A "New Magical Story" begins when they are mysteriously brought together by chance and embark on a journey.(Source: ANN)After the unexpected death of her father, 11-year-old Momo Miyaura leaves Tokyo with her mother and moves to an old remote island in Seto Inland Sea. The only memento she has from her father is an unfinished letter with only two words inside: "Dear Momo"—along with her heart's unrest from it.In the new and unfamiliar small town, Momo reluctantly tries to adjust to the outmoded wooden buildings, silent crop fields, and mysterious isolated shrines. One day, while exploring the attic of her new home, she finds a worn out picture book about youkai. Following this discovery, strange things begin to happen around town, and Momo is greeted by the arrival of three troublesome youkai.Momo e no Tegami tells the story of a young girl as she struggles to adapt to her bizarre new life and ultimately come to terms with her father's mysterious letter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During their last summer of elementary school, four friends decide to undertake a test of courage at their local graveyard. Before the test begins, Haruka Kaminogi makes a last effort to pull Yuu Gotou away from his controlling mother. While doing so, Haruka suddenly has a strange vision of blue snow followed by the appearance of an imposing silver-haired man. Later, a similar vision occurs at the graveyard to both Haruka and her friends before they try to escape what they assume are ghosts.Unbeknownst to the children, the people who appeared before them are Dragon Soldiers: an elite military group from a dimension known as La'cryma. The soldiers have traveled to this dimension to secure the "Dragon Torque"—an entity they believe to be their last hope for survival.  However, both the Dragon Soldiers and Haruka are shocked to learn that the Dragon Torque is Haruka herself. She attempts to escape from the Dragon Soldiers as she finds her own last ray of hope—the strange silver-haired man who claims to be another version of Yuu himself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jane's mother dies when she is born, and her father, a rich English aristocrat, soon remarries to a woman with a son, William, who despises his new father and brother. George and Jane grow up with a dream to make a flying machine. George believes the distant Asian sands hold a secret: a mysterious cerulean sand which can make machines fly. He goes on an expedition to find it, and soon is reported executed for treason. William disappears too. After she recieves an unsigned letter holding a handful of pale-blue sand which floats in the air, Jane is sure her brother is alive and leaves to the East to find him and prove him innocent. There are many mysteries to unravel in store for Jane and her new friends on her journey. But perhaps a mystery should forever remain a mystery... (Source: ANN)Perrine is a young girl who lives in Bosnia with her Indian mother and beloved father – that is, until her father passes away, leaving her mother with a single wish: travel to France to be with his father. The over 1,000 kilometer journey seems unfathomable, but Perrine and her mother have a plan: they will photograph people in the towns along the way to support themselves. With their hardy donkey Palikare and faithful dog Baron, the two set forth for Paris; along the way they encounter kind souls, barren villages, and a number of hardships; will Perrine and her mother survive the long journey to France?(Source: Anime-Planet)On the floating continent of Neo Verona, the Montague family slaughters the entire Capulet family and seizes control of the kingdom. The true heir to the throne, Juliet Fiammata Asto Capulet, manages to escape the onslaught and is hidden away by loyalists for 14 years with hope that she may one day overthrow the cruel Montague regime. Despite having forgotten the murder of her entire family, Juliet now secretly protects the oppressed citizens of Neo Verona as a vigilante called the Red Whirlwind. During one of her escapades she meets Romeo Candorebanto Montague, the kind and selfless son of the tyrannical Prince Laertes Montague, and without knowledge of each other's background, they both fall in love at first sight. Unfortunately, however, their destiny is a cursed one: not only does each of the two families wish to obliterate the other, but an ancient secret hidden beneath Neo Verona also threatens their undying love for each other. Will they be able to defy the stars, or is this truly a love that can never be?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the 12 Gold Saints sacrifice their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall, The Bronze Saints enter the deepest realm of the Underworld, Elysion, where they face off against Hades's two most powerful servants: The Twin Gods, Hypnos and Thanatos, before they can reach Hades for the final battle.At a certain trading company, saleswoman Futaba Igarashi has managed to hold her respectable job for almost two years thanks to the guidance of her senior coworker—Harumi Takeda. However, due to Igarashi's short stature, Takeda often teases her and treats her like a kid, leaving Igarashi constantly annoyed by his antics.Despite this, Igarashi notices Takeda's reliability as he is always ready to help whenever something at their workplace goes awry. As Igarashi and Takeda spend more time together, their relationship soon develops further than simply being coworkers at the office.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the Time Photo Studio, partners Lu Guang and Cheng Xiaoshi accept jobs of a peculiar nature. With the aid of their complementary abilities, they are able to leap into photographs—thereby entering the past. One such case involves Liu Siwen, whose only wish is to marry his one true love, Ou Yang. However, her martial arts master father is apprehensive of a suitor who is an outsider and refuses to give his permission unless Liu Siwen defeats him in an honest duel.After years of trying and failing miserably because of his less-than-impressive skills, Liu Siwen finds himself seeking the help of Lu Guang and Cheng Xiaoshi. The two hatch a plan to outwit Ou Yang's father, but what seems simple in theory is rarely as easy to execute in reality…[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series of eerily similar suicides occupy newspaper headlines in late '90s Japan. Amidst all the bizarre resemblances, there is one detail that stands out above the rest: the victims have all taken their lives by leaping from the Fujou building, a run-down abandoned structure rising high above the city.Shiki Ryougi, a cold-hearted girl living in an empty apartment, suspects that these sinister events have a supernatural cause. Possessing a mystical power herself, Shiki works to investigate the incidents alongside Touko Aozaki, a doll-making detective specializing in magic, and her friend Mikiya Kokotou who works as Touko's assistant.Shiki unravels the mystery as she ventures through an enigmatic world to uncover the dark secrets surrounding the strange phenomenon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation film of the second half of the TV series. A special episode aired after ep. 490, it summarizes the history of confrontation with the black organization. As electric vehicles dominate everyday life in the 2020s, interest in traditional combustion engine cars is maintained through a motorsports series known as the MFG. Hundreds of ambitious drivers, with a staggering 30 million viewers online, fiercely compete for a spot in the Godly Fifteen—the leading 15 racers—and a chance at the grand prize of 100 million yen. Among these individuals aiming for the top is 19-year-old Kanata Rivington.Having attended a famous racing school in England, Kanata sets his sights on the upcoming MFG tournament and enrolls in the competition under the alias "Kanata Katagiri." In comparison to his opponents' flashy vehicles, Kanata's Toyota 86 GT, passed down from a former MFG contestant, puts him at a considerable disadvantage. Kanata receives guidance from a Godly Fifteen member, but he still treats the MFG as only a stepping stone for his true goal: locating his estranged father. Meanwhile, Kanata's appearance sends shockwaves through the scene as his driving style eerily resembles that of a once legendary racer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Though her high school days are long behind her, Tamami Sakurai is still just as awkward and clumsy as ever. At night, she is often seen at a local Tokyo bar, which has become a safe haven from her stressful job. After a few too many drinks, Tamami begins to feel as if she is invincible, but the hangover afterward begs to differ.One such night ends on a disparate note when an intoxicated Tamami hears some familiar chords playing on the record player, bringing tears to her eyes as she recalls bygone years. The melody reminds her of a shy pianist named Rin Kajitani—a boy who was once the closest friend she ever had.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The fierce battle between Meliodas, the captain of the Seven Deadly Sins, and the Great Holy Knight Hendrickson has devastating consequences. Armed with the fragments necessary for the revival of the Demon Clan, Hendrickson breaks the seal, allowing the Commandments to escape, all of whom are mighty warriors working directly under the Demon King himself. Through a mysterious connection, Meliodas instantly identifies them; likewise, the 10 Commandments, too, seem to sense his presence.As the demons leave a path of destruction in their wake, the Seven Deadly Sins must find a way to stop them before the Demon Clan drowns Britannia in blood and terror.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Back at their childhood home, siblings Itachi and Sasuke Uchiha experience an unusual morning together when Itachi becomes obsessed with cooking the perfect fried egg for Sasuke. Despite being completely focused on the task, he continuously fails to achieve the desired result. As Sasuke marvels at his brother's seemingly unnecessary behavior, he comes to realize that there is more than meets the eye to Itachi's efforts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of the Hand Island no Bouken special is set a little before the events of One Piece Film Z and depicts a major "Hand Island" incident during the New World storyline. The story is set at "Cannon Town" where a parent and a child work as craftspeople. The incident revolves around them and a commodore of a marine base. The special will also have a flashback scene to the story in the first chapter of the manga, but with new animation. (Source: ANN) It is thirty years after the failure of the Space Colonization Program. Humanity is nearly extinct. A perpetual and deadly Rain falls on the Earth. Men known as "Junkers" plunder goods and artifacts from the ruins of civilization. One such Junker sneaks alone into the most dangerous of all ruins—a "Sarcophagus City." In the center of this dead city, he discovers a pre-War planetarium. And as he enters he is greeted by Hoshino Yumemi, a companion robot. Without a single shred of doubt, she assumes he is the first customer she's had in 30 years. She attempts to show him the stars at once, but the planetarium projector is broken. Unable to make heads or tails of her conversation, he ends up agreeing to try and repair the projector...(Source: Steam)By embracing challenges, learning from failures, overcoming obstacles, and beating the best in the world, Satoshi finally achieves his long-held dream. His adventurous spirit, however, still runs high as he continues to explore new regions, witness unfamiliar Pokémon, and forge unexpected friendships and rivalries.As the world opens its vast horizons to Satoshi, he once more encounters the people who helped shape his momentous path to success. A legendary journey nears its end just as an entirely new one is about to begin, with the bond between humans and Pokémon continuing forevermore.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After fleeing from Rumble Town, Seth, Doc and Melie are back at the Artemis Institute. Thanks to Alma, Seth learns more about Piodon, his mysterious brother. But the quest for the Nemeses mythical nest Radiant has already waited too long, so the Horned Boy and his friends head to the island-continent of the Wizard Knights.This location may be a new city for audiences, but it's a decaying world that's falling apart! Not only must Seth deal with these hardships, but he must also face a personal phenomenon where visions are invading his mind a little more each day.(Source: monstersandcritics)Subaru Natsuki finally gets to take a breather, but he does not waste any time as he prepares for a date with his beloved Emilia. He scouts the nearby village for the right dating spot, and with the help of the village children, he finds a wonderful location. With that, he is well prepared for his date!Unfortunately for Subaru, cold weather suddenly sweeps across Roswaal's mansion on his important day, leaving him with no choice but to postpone the date. Overnight, it becomes even colder and unbearable. Subaru must get to the bottom of this because, at this rate, his date will be the least of his worries.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In its expansion west to gain resources, the Europan Imperial Alliance invades the neutral Principality of Gallia, seeking to take control of its vast Ragnite deposits. Their strategic advantage, technological superiority, and military might make opposition nonexistent, so they steamroll through the border of the sleepy principality with ease.As Imperial forces run through his quiet hometown, Welkin Gunther and his younger sister Isara jump into action, banding with the leader of the local militia to push the occupational forces out of the village. Quickly retreating to the Gallian capital, they are organized into a unit with the remnants of the militia, tasked with assisting in repelling the Imperial presence from the country.Though unfamiliar with war, the newly formed Squad Seven must defend their country from annexation. But as the battle rages on through the streets of Gallia, ancient secrets will bring the team closer than they'd ever anticipated.[Written by MAL Rewrite]First episode is based on the 16th volume of the manga. Features Ikki vs. Ringo.Second episode is based on the 23rd/24th volume of the manga. Features Kogarasumaru vs. Sleeping Forest inside Inorganic Net.After escaping certain death, Kei Nagai and his new companion Kou Nakano plot revenge on Satou, their fellow Ajin who is hellbent on world domination. As Satou embarks on a string of public executions, the human race rushes to come up with a solution to stop the immortal villain.Kei discovers unlikely allies in the form of two former adversaries: high-ranking government official Yuu Tosaki, whose extensive research on Ajin gives him a tactical advantage in the fight against Satou, and Tosaki's Ajin assistant Izumi Shimomura. As his faction continues to gather allies, Kei races against time to put a stop to Satou's crusade before it brings about an end to civilization as he knows it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]UnwrittenJunior high student Futaba Yoshioka has always despised boys—she thinks they are all way too rowdy and annoying. The only exception is a boy in the class next to hers, Kou Tanaka, who seems different from the others. Through frequent encounters, Futaba and Kou exchange shy glances and awkward words with one another. Having had no experience in romance prior, Futaba has no idea what her growing feelings for Kou are supposed to imply.Page.13During their second year of high school, Futaba and her friends go to a summer festival together. While the other girls decide not to wear yukatas, Yuuri Makita does as she is determined to get closer to Kou. Caught off guard, Futaba can only watch from afar as Yuuri and Kou seem to grow more and more intimate. At this rate, will Futaba be able to make progress with Kou?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Dead Moon Circus has arrived in Juban with the hopes of liberating their queen, Nehellenia, by stealing the Legendary Silver Crystal for themselves. Using "Lemures," the Circus begins to convert people's dreams into nightmares in order to collect enough energy to plunge the Earth into darkness and turn it into a planet of death. In order to stop the Circus in their tracks, Usagi Tsukino and her friends must reprise their roles as the Inner Sailor Guardians.When Mamoru Chiba suddenly falls ill after the appearance of a total solar eclipse, Usagi and Chibiusa encounter a pegasus by the name of Helios who is desperate to unseal the Golden Crystal, which Helios claims is the only way to save their world from the impending threat. Meanwhile, the Sailor Guardians discover that they can no longer transform following the eclipse and begin to fall victim to the Circus' Lemures. Will they be able to recover their powers in time to stop the darkness from taking over?[Written by MAL Rewrite]What happens when two people love each other but just aren't meant to be together? Takaki Toono and Akari Shinohara are childhood friends, but circumstances beyond their control tear them apart. They promise to stay in contact, and although the progression of time widens the distance between them, the chain of memories remains ever-present.Byousoku 5 Centimeter is a romantic drama that focuses on the mundane and harsh reality of long-distance relationships. Stuck in the past and unable to make any new memories, Takaki and Akari cling to the hope of seeing each other again. They live their everyday lives half-heartedly, both hurting themselves and the people around them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ken Usato, an ordinary high schooler, wishes for something fantastical to occur in his unremarkable life. Such an opportunity arrives when he is transported to another world alongside Kazuki Ryuusen and Suzune Inukami, two prodigious members of his school's student council. Arriving in Llinger Kingdom, the three are deemed to be the heroes tasked with stopping the impending invasion by the Demon Lord's army. However, this is a misunderstanding—Usato was summoned by accident and, unlike his two friends, is not one of the heroes.Despite this disheartening revelation, Usato learns that he has an aptitude for the extremely rare healing magic. This catches the attention of Rose, the intimidating captain of the kingdom's Rescue Team, who forcibly takes custody of Usato to mold him into a full-fledged healer. As he undergoes grueling training under Rose's supervision, Usato resolves to become capable enough to protect his friends from the dangers of this world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A girl finds herself mesmerized by a young woman with pink hair. After repeated encounters with the woman, the girl realizes the person is one of her aloof classmates—who identifies as a boy in school.With her world in vibrant colors and her heart continuously fluttering, the girl follows the individual in hopes of learning more about them. However, as she tries to get closer, the distance between them only increases.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Comet (12 years old in human years) is the princess of the Harmonica Star country and was to meet the prince of the Tambourine Star country at a ball where he'd pick a bride. But he isn't there and so Comet is sent to Earth to find him. He'll be known by the starlight in his eyes. She finds the Earth and she loves the people she meets there. Meanwhile, Princess Meteor of the Castanet Star country also arrives on Earth in search of the prince. Comet's companion is a little puppy with a star at the end of his tail named Rubba Ball. Of course, Comet was not the first to visit the Earth and love it, another before her did as well and married. Her pet (a white cat with bunny ears and a tiny heart on her tail named Bunny) continued life as a kind of fairy in the forest. Comet's power is drawn from the stars of her home and is channeled through her baton; she also wears a special pendant from where Rubba Ball immerges, and with which she can detect and find the prince.(Source: ANN)Soon after falling into another world, Kurumi Tokisaki takes interest in a particular white cat. Much to Kurumi's disappointment, the two part ways.Kurumi later meets Hibiki Higoromo, a white haired quasi-spirit. Hibiki explains that they are at the center of a killing game between quasi-spirits. Within the Neighboring World, the spirits compete for a single wish to be granted to the lone survivor of the death-match.Understanding the rules of the game, Kurumi and Hibiki reach a compromise—a temporary alliance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Xiao Yan, the best Xiao family fighter ever. At the age of 4, he began his training, at 10 he already owned the ninth level of strength, and at 11 - the tenth, so he became the youngest fighter in the history of his family. But at the age of 12, something unpredictable happened: he lost almost all of his strength. For the next three years, neighbors mocked him and even broke off his engagement. It would seem that nothing will help him, but then a spirit appeared from his ring, which showed him the way to power. Xiao Yan again became a favorite of the family and the crowd, but this could not satisfy his ambition. To avenge the failed wedding, he goes to the mountains and, with the help of an old herbalist, becomes stronger and stronger.In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything. His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?(Source: wuxiaworld.com)Bardock, Son Goku's father, is a low-ranking Saiyan soldier who was given the power to see into the future by the last remaining alien on a planet he just destroyed. He witnesses the destruction of his race and must now do his best to stop Frieza's impending massacre.(Source: ANN)In the enchanted Kingdom of Fiore, the lively Lucy Heartfilia has one wish: to join the renowned Fairy Tail—one of the many magical wizard guilds scattered around the continent. Luckily, a chance encounter with Natsu Dragneel, the "Salamander" of Fairy Tail, whisks her into the legendary guild.From Natsu's rivalrous antics with ice wizard Gray Fullbuster to the frightening presence of the unmatched combat goddess Erza Scarlet, Fairy Tail's powerful mages have a slight penchant for trouble. Through all the lucrative odd jobs and adventures to save the world from destruction lies an absolute and unyielding trust stronger than family that has formed between each guild member.Teaming up with Natsu, Gray, and Erza, Lucy finds herself amidst the guild's most misfit wizards. But as they constantly stand in the eye of every danger, there is one name that never ceases to resurface: Zeref, the feared master of dark magic.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite being burdened with crippling debt to the morose Haruitsuki Abeno, Hanae Ashiya has come to enjoy his job as an exorcist. His ability to communicate with youkai has given him a sense of responsibility regarding the magical creatures, and he continues to work hard to send them to their true home in the Underworld.As Ashiya’s life finally stabilizes, the youkai threaten to upset it once again. Knowledge of his existence has begun to spread, and not everyone is happy to have a human working for the Mononokean, the interdimensional tea room. But one day, a simple visit to the Underworld draws the attention of those in power, and Ashiya soon learns that not every youkai is willing to go along with Abeno's plans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With a wicked scar on his face, a terrifying gaze, and an apron adorned with a teddy bear, ex-yakuza member Tatsu proudly assumes the role of a full-time househusband. Already familiar with the regular challenges of grocery shopping, Tatsu now takes it to the next level by joining a women's organization—but acceptance is not easily achieved without first mastering the elegance of flower arranging and housekeeping.Approaching homemaking ventures through the lens of his former occupation, Tatsu faces haiku battles, typhoon alerts, and cosplaying villains. For his dearest wife Miku, Tatsu will do anything, even if he is interrupted by his old acquaintances, whose former vigor has also yet to subside. Never faltering before a new challenge, Tatsu's tranquil days as a househusband are proving to be just as hectic as before.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third chapter of the pentalogy (3 Movies + 2 OVAs). A retelling of Kenshiro's final battle with Raoh.(Source: Wikipedia)A special that comes with the Fourth Stage DVD-BOX. It is comprised of a recap from First Stage to Third Stage, along with staff commentary and sneak preview of the making of the Fourth Stage.Recap episodes of Jujutsu Kaisen, Jujutsu Kaisen 0, and the first five episodes of Jujutsu Kaisen 2nd Season.Bundled with the special editions of the manga's 7th and 8th volumes.When a certain man is released from prison, he knows exactly where he's heading first. After falling in love with a traditional comic storyteller's rendition of the story called "Shinigami," he is determined to become his apprentice. The performer, Yakumo, has never taken an apprentice before, but to everyone's surprise, he accepts the eager ex-prisoner, nicknaming him "Yotaro."As Yotaro happily begins his new life, he meets others in Yakumo's life, including Yakumo's ward Konatsu. Konatsu was the daughter of a famous storyteller, and Yakumo took her in after her father's tragic death. Konatsu loved her father's storytelling, and would love to become a performer in her own right—but that path is not available for women.(Source: MangaHelpers)The Soul Translator is a state-of-the-art full-dive interface which interacts with the user's Fluctlight—the technological equivalent of a human soul—and fundamentally differs from the orthodox method of sending signals to the brain. The private institute Rath aims to perfect their creation by enlisting the aid of Sword Art Online survivor Kazuto Kirigaya. He works there as a part-time employee to test the system's capabilities in the Underworld: the fantastical realm generated by the Soul Translator. As per the confidentiality contract, any memories created by the machine in the virtual world are wiped upon returning to the real world. Kazuto can only vaguely recall a single name, Alice, which provokes a sense of unease when mentioned in reality.When Kazuto escorts Asuna Yuuki home one evening, they chance upon a familiar foe. Kazuto is mortally wounded in the ensuing fight and loses consciousness. When he comes to, he discovers that he has made a full-dive into the Underworld with seemingly no way to escape. He sets off on a quest, seeking a way back to the physical world once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Love has never really been a concern for Mitsuyoshi Tada, and as the aspiring photographer enters his second year of high school, it truthfully could not be further from his mind. However, things just might change after he meets a bright and bubbly foreigner named Teresa Wagner while he was taking pictures of a cherry blossom tree. Nevertheless, after she asks him to photograph her, the two soon separate, only to meet each other again twice more that same day. Finding Teresa just as she is caught in a sudden downpour, Tada invites her to his family's coffee shop to dry off. There, she explains that she was separated from her traveling companion, a no-nonsense redhead named Alexandra "Alec" Magritte. When Alec reunites with Teresa shortly after, they say their goodbyes, expecting to part ways for good—but the two unexpectedly show up as transfer students in his class the next day.Teresa and Alec quickly get used to their lives at Koinohoshi High School and decide to join Tada in the photography club, along with his narcissistic friend Kaoru Ijuuin, the idol-obsessed Hajime Sugimoto, the serious class rep Hinako Hasegawa, and the dog-like Kentarou Yamashita. With these two peculiar additions to his equally eccentric group of friends, Tada's second year of high school is about to get even livelier, and he might need to start rethinking his approach to love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ten years after the Great War against the demon-beasts, the empire rules over the world and prosperity relies on the massive use of aer.Yuri Lowell and Flynn Scifo are two young men who have just enrolled the ranks of the prestigious Imperial Knights. One day, they are sent to the town of Ceazontania, where abnormal aer activity has reportedly caused the proliferation of horribly mutated beasts, with serious threat for the whole region.Meanwhile, the Knights Supreme Commander Alexei Denoia and the naive Princess Estellise are involved in a behind-the-curtains struggle for power in the capital. The situation in Ceazontania deteriorates as the garrison of Imperial Knights finds that they cannot expect any immediate support from the capital.Then, Niren Fedrok, commander of the Imperial Knights in Ceazontania, takes an unexpected decision that is going to change Yuri and Flynn's destiny forever.What are the secrets behind the extraordinary events that are happening around Yuri and Flynn? Will they be able to defend the innocent people of Ceazontania and stay true to their beliefs?(Source: Funimation)The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.Ushio Aotsuki is a stubborn middle school student and son of an eccentric temple priest who goes about life without care for his father's claims regarding otherworldly monsters known as youkai. However, as he is tending to the temple while his father is away on work, his chores lead him to a shocking discovery: in the basement he finds a menacing youkai impaled by the fabled Beast Spear.The beast in question is Tora, infamous for his destructive power, who tries to coerce Ushio into releasing him from his five hundred year seal. Ushio puts no trust in his words and refuses to set him free. But when a sudden youkai outbreak puts his friends and home in danger, he is left with no choice but to rely on Tora, his only insurance being the ancient spear if he gets out of hand.Ushio and Tora's meeting is only the beginning of the unlikely duo's journey into the depths of the spiritual realm. With the legendary Beast Spear in his hands, Ushio will find out just how real and threatening the world of the supernatural can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing their treks through the high peaks of Japan, the mountaineering girls are back for more! First-year high school student Aoi Yukimura, a shy girl with a fear of heights, and her wildly energetic friend Hinata Kuraue set out once again to conquer the perils of backyard camping trips, summer homework, and even a climb on the mountain of their dreams. Joined by middle school student Kokona Aoba and their knowledgeable upperclassman Kaede Saitou, the squad members are ready to take on whatever slopes and challenges they might face, no matter how steep. Through their shared hobby of mountain climbing, they bond closer than ever and even make new friends on trails all over the country. Whether it is just a local hill or the tallest mountain around, nothing is too much for Aoi and the crew to handle. They will climb, stumble, and rise to even greater heights together![Written by MAL Rewrite]The great detective Akutabe has an assistant, Rinko Sakuma, who is trying to learn to summon demons. This is the story of her misadventure when she actually manages to summon 2 demons unexpectedly. (Source: ANN) With the Inter-high over and as the end of summer approaches, Sakamichi trains intensely with Imaizumi Shunsuke and Naruko Shoukichi so he can carry on Team Sohoku’s spirit of supporting each other entrusted to him by Kinjou Shingo, Makishima Yusuke, and Tadokoro Jin, the third years who will be graduating before long. One day, Team Sohoku receives an invitation to the Kumamoto Fire Country Mountain Race, an invitational race for teams that performed well at the Inter-high, and their captain Kinjou decides their core Inter-high team will attend.(Source: Crunchyroll)After a year in grade school without her childhood friends, first year student Akari Akaza is finally reunited with second years Yui Funami and Kyouko Toshinou at their all-girls' middle school. During the duo's first year, Yui and Kyouko formed the "Amusement Club" which occupies the now nonexistent Tea Club's room. Shortly after Akari joins, one of her fellow classmates, Chinatsu Yoshikawa, pays the trio a visit under the impression that they are the Tea Club; it is only once the three girls explain that the Tea Club has been disbanded that they can convince Chinatsu to join the Amusement Club—a group with no purpose other than to provide entertainment for its members.Based on the slice-of-life manga by Namori, Yuru Yuri is an eccentric comedy about a group of girls who spend their spare time drinking tea and fawning over each other, all while completely failing to even notice the supposed main character Akari amongst them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the most recent brutal battle, the gods now hold the lead against mortals in the one-on-one tournament that will decide the fate of humanity. With three wins under the belt of the divine beings, the humans only have 10 matches left to save themselves from extermination. The Supreme God Zeus intends to take the upper hand by sending Buddha—a benevolent demigod loved by all of humanity—into the fray.In a shocking twist, Buddha announces his intention to fight for humanity. Enraged by this betrayal, the gods call upon the Seven Gods of Fortune to take Buddha down. As their battle rages on, a mysterious entity manifests in the middle of the arena, throwing the entire competition into disarray.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 2026, four years after the infamous Sword Art Online incident, a revolutionary new form of technology has emerged: the Augma, a device that utilizes an Augmented Reality system. Unlike the Virtual Reality of the NerveGear and the Amusphere, it is perfectly safe and allows players to use it while they are conscious, creating an instant hit on the market. The most popular application for the Augma is the game Ordinal Scale, which immerses players in a fantasy role-playing game with player rankings and rewards.Following the new craze, Kirito's friends dive into the game, and despite his reservations about the system, Kirito eventually joins them. While at first it appears to be just fun and games, they soon find out that the game is not all that it seems...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Isami Hanaoka is just a fifth grader who happens to be a descendant of the Shinsengumi. Together with fellow descendants and classmates Soushi Yukimi and Toshi Tsukikage, she discovers in the basement of her home, strange artifacts left behind by their ancestors as well as a message urging them to "Fight the evil Kurotengu organization."  (Source: ANN)It's an exciting day for fashionable teenager Manatsu Natsumi, who is moving into the big city for the first time. Upon arriving, Manatsu is immediately charmed by the city's spectacles. However, things take an unbelievable turn when she encounters Laura—a real-life mermaid!Laura is searching for the Precure, a group of radiant warriors who may have the key to rescuing Grand Ocean, Laura's home. This duty soon falls upon Manatsu, whose unwavering determination causes her to awaken as one of the Precure: the vivid Cure Summer. As new friends join the team, Manatsu needs to adapt to her hectic, new life while protecting humanity's liveliness from oceanic invaders! With each battle more difficult than the last, the girls must discover what is truly valuable to them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hana, Hinata, Noa, Koyori, and Kanon are always good friends. Today, they are having a friendly sweets party at home with Miyako's homemade sweets! The flower-shaped cookies look just like the hair ornaments worn by Hana. The hair ornament was a precious treasure that Hana received from her grandmother when she was little, and everyone was intrigued by the story. And as "practice for the school trip," they decide to go visit Hana's grandmother's house...! The "first" outing for everyone is about to begin.(Source: Crunchyroll News)When Chiaki Oogaki and Aoi Inuyama start the Outdoor Activities Club at their school, it is only the two of them and an array of ambitious plans. Things do not change much even after a new member—Nadeshiko Kagamihara—joins. And yet, the cheerful, cozy atmosphere seems to bring many curious visitors to their small headquarters. As the three girls set out on a camping trip to Australia alongside their friends Rin Shima and Ena Saitou, an unexpected incident turns the relaxing event into quite an adventure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first movie in the Washio Sumi no Shou trilogy.The Babylon Project is a massive renovation of Tokyo's neighborhoods, including the creation of artificial islands in the Bay. Utilizing "Labors," or robots created for the express purpose of doing work, architects and construction crews are able to more efficiently progress development of the overhaul. When a key figure in the Project's conception is found dead after committing suicide under mysterious circumstances, Captain Kiichi Gotou's Patlabor police unit is tasked with getting to the bottom of the bizarre situation.As several Labors begin to go haywire and a hacked AI program endangers the people of Tokyo, young pilot Noa Izumi and her Patlabor Alphonse work under Gotou's orders to save the city and the entire nation from a massive biblical conspiracy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Waking up from a nap, Kino is relieved to see that a certain tower from afar is still proudly standing. Located in the heart of the Tower Country, the immensely tall tower stretches high into the sky, reaching seemingly infinite heights. The tower looks like something out of a dream, but the breathtaking construction is unmistakably real. Intrigued, the traveling partners Kino and Hermes—the talking motorcycle—journey to the tower to get a closer look at the building.Despite already being unbelievably tall, the tower is still being built by the townspeople to this day. Puzzled by the origins of the tower, Kino and Hermes ask around the town for information, but they fail to obtain any definitive answer. They continue to observe both the tower and the townspeople during their stay, hoping to understand the reasoning behind building a tower that requires so much effort. After all, there is always something to learn—even from the strangest of countries.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During an era of rapid industrial growth, humanity is beset by the emergence of a mysterious virus, capable of turning humans into mindless creatures called "Kabane." With a desire for nothing but human flesh, these undead beings can only be killed by destroying their hearts—which are encased in a cage of unyielding iron.Faced with such a dire situation, the surviving population has retreated into fortified cities known as "Stations." Isolated from the surroundings by massive moats and towering walls, the only contact with the outside world and other Stations is via a drawbridge for armored "Hayajiro" trains. At Aragane Station, Ikoma works as a steamsmith to maintain the city's active transportation. Despite his role, he is angered by mankind's cowardice and inability to repel the Kabane.Utilizing his free time and knowledge as an engineer, Ikoma has created a new weapon to ward off the horde. An opportunity to test it presents itself when the Kabane invade Aragane Station, yet this encounter will prove to be much more than just a trial run for Ikoma.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Junta Shiraishi is a high school student with one simple goal—to enjoy his youth. However, achieving this goal is not so straightforward since Shiraishi is effectively invisible to his peers; even his teachers routinely fail to notice his presence. In fact, there is a rumor circulating that whoever manages to spot him will receive good luck. But there is one person who notices Shiraishi's presence without fail. Seated right next to him, Nagisa Kubo is determined not to let him quietly fade into the background. Unfortunately for him, this means that Shiraishi finds himself in some peculiar situations, all orchestrated by Kubo. Despite this, Kubo's playful antics might just be the catalyst needed to spark the thrilling youth that Shiraishi longs for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After being trapped in the world of Elder Tale for six months, Shiroe and the other Adventurers have begun to get the hang of things in their new environment. The Adventurers are starting to gain the trust of the People of the Land, and Akiba has flourished thanks to the law and order established by Shiroe's Round Table Alliance, regaining its everyday liveliness. Despite this success, however, the Alliance faces a new crisis: they are running out of funds to govern Akiba, and spies from the Minami district have infiltrated the city.As formidable forces rise in other districts, there is also a need to discover more about the vast new world they are trapped in—leading Shiroe to decide that the time has come to venture outside the city. Accompanied by his friend Naotsugu and the Sage of Mirror Lake Regan, the calculative Shiroe makes his move, hoping to unravel new possibilities and eventually find a way home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Every several decades, the Wild Hunt—a group of mounted fae knights—awakens and roams the land, its presence causing old plants to wither and allowing new ones to take their place. Unfortunately, when lightning strikes the stone monument that the Wild Hunt slumbers in, it chips off a fragment containing the band's guide. As a result, when the Wild Hunt rises once more, its members cannot maintain their formation, instead aimlessly wandering the forests and leaving death in their wake.In an attempt to remedy this predicament, Spriggan tasks Elias Ainsworth with bringing the missing guide's steed back to its master. Meanwhile, Gabriel, an asthmatic young boy who longs for adventure, discovers the chipped-off rock and ends up summoning the knight within. With his only intact memory being the desire to return, the guide must reunite with his steed and his pack before his absence can cause irreparable damage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since childhood, Elaina has always been fascinated by the stories written within her favorite book, especially those about Nike, a renowned witch who had numerous great travels across the world. Wanting to experience the awe of adventure herself, Elaina strives to become a witch, and despite the numerous trials that come her way, she eventually succeeds.Now a full-fledged witch, Elaina finally embarks on her long-awaited journey, in which she meets many people along the way, learning their various stories. Through all of this, she explores the world at its fullest—experiencing both its bright and dark sides—starting her legendary tale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After losing their magical abilities, the girls once again become witches. However, now they have to go through tests from the Witches of the Witch World. They also meet a new member from New York, Momoko.Since childhood, Aoba Suzukaze has loved the Fairies Story game series, particularly the character designs. So when she graduates from high school, it is no surprise that she applies to work at Eagle Jump, the company responsible for making her favorite video game. On her first day, she is excited to learn that she will be working on a new installment to the series: Fairies Story 3—and even more so under Kou Yagami, the lead character designer.In their department are people who share the same passion for games. There is Yun Iijima, whose specialty is designing monsters; the shy Hifumi Takimoto, who prefers to communicate through instant messaging; Hajime Shinoda, an animation team member with an impressive figurine collection; Rin Tooyama, the orderly art director; Shizuku Hazuki, the game director who brings her cat to work; and Umiko Ahagon, the short-tempered head programmer.New Game! follows Aoba and the others on their adventure through the ups and downs of game making, from making the perfect character design to fixing all the errors that will inevitably accumulate in the process.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Raku Ichijou, a first-year student at Bonyari High School, is the sole heir to an intimidating yakuza family. Ten years ago, Raku made a promise to his childhood friend. Now, all he has to go on is a pendant with a lock, which can only be unlocked with the key which the girl took with her when they parted.Now, years later, Raku has grown into a typical teenager, and all he wants is to remain as uninvolved in his yakuza background as possible while spending his school days alongside his middle school crush Kosaki Onodera. However, when the American Bee Hive Gang invades his family's turf, Raku's idyllic romantic dreams are sent for a toss as he is dragged into a frustrating conflict: Raku is to pretend that he is in a romantic relationship with Chitoge Kirisaki, the beautiful daughter of the Bee Hive's chief, so as to reduce the friction between the two groups. Unfortunately, reality could not be farther from this whopping lie—Raku and Chitoge fall in hate at first sight, as the girl is convinced he is a pathetic pushover, and in Raku's eyes, Chitoge is about as attractive as a savage gorilla. Nisekoi follows the daily antics of this mismatched couple who have been forced to get along for the sake of maintaining the city's peace. With many more girls popping up his life, all involved with Raku's past somehow, his search for the girl who holds his heart and his promise leads him in more unexpected directions than he expects.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Many years ago, after the end of a bloody world war, mankind took shelter in six city-states that were peaceful and perfect... at least on the surface. However, Shion—an elite resident of the city-state No. 6—gained a new perspective on the world he lives in, thanks to a chance encounter with a mysterious boy, Nezumi. Nezumi turned out to be just one of many who lived in the desolate wasteland beyond the walls of the supposed utopia. But despite knowing that the other boy was a fugitive, Shion decided to take him in for the night and protect him, which resulted in drastic consequences: because of his actions, Shion and his mother lost their status as elites and were relocated elsewhere, and the darker side of the city began to make itself known. Now, a long time after their life-altering first meeting, Shion and Nezumi are finally brought together once again—the former elite and the boy on the run are about to embark on an adventure that will, in time, reveal the shattering secrets of No. 6.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite the uncertainty surrounding Shinichi Chiaki's relationship with eccentric pianist Megumi "Nodame" Noda, most would assume it is a romantic one—especially Nodame herself, who has professed her love for Chiaki on many occasions. But when a petty quarrel over soy sauce leads Nodame to gratuitously accept a date invitation from Lucas Beaudry, a young French piano prodigy, the highly acclaimed conductor Chiaki experiences true jealousy for the first time in his life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the end of the first season, Doremi and her friends all had to give up their witch powers and be normal girls again. This also meant that they couldn't see Majorika, Lala, and the fairies again. The MAHO-Dou was also deserted and the door to the Majokai was locked.The Queen, having seen all this through her crystal ball, secretly makes it so that Doremi and co. all end up heading into the Majokai again, with the excuse to return Majorika's hair dryer. However they end up stumbling into a garden, and one of the roses reveals a baby!The Queen tells the girls that they must raise the baby for a whole year. To help them, they receive newer and stronger witch powers than before! The adventure isn't over yet!The original video anime episode will serve as the final chapter to the television series, focusing on the rivalry between the "the protagonist" Amatsuyu Kisaragi (Jouro) and Yasuo Hazuki (Hose), "the background character."(Source: MAL News)On a new day in the Kanto region, Satoshi gets invited by Professor Yukinari Ookido over to Professor Sakuragi's lab-opening ceremony in Vermillion City. During the ceremonial speech, Professor Sakuragi receives an alert of a possibly rare Pokémon appearing in Vermillion City's harbor, leading Satoshi and the other trainers to rush to the area in hopes of finding the mysterious Pokémon. At the harbor, they find Lugia—a Legendary Pokémon—engaged in combat with other trainers.Noticing the other trainers' tactics, Satoshi has his partner, Pikachu, strike Lugia with a Thunderbolt attack. Unfazed, Lugia flees, but not before Satoshi determinedly leaps onto its back. To Satoshi's surprise, he meets another boy, Gou, who leapt onto Lugia's back as well. The two ride on Lugia's back as it brings them along on a bizarre adventure across the seas. As it lets the two back on the ground, Satoshi and Gou bid their farewells to Lugia and return to Sakuragi Institute.Impressed by Gou's findings and Satoshi's insight taken during their encounter, Sakuragi requests for the duo to be his new research partners. And so the duo's journey begins, traveling across multiple regions to meet many new Pokémon—including ones that have the ability to Gigantamax![Written by MAL Rewrite]Precure 10th Anniversary Movie and 3rd Precure All Stars DX. Enemies are from all the Precure works. Said to be humanity's natural enemy, formidable dragons that belong to an ancient bloodline roam the world. Only two ways prove effective to kill a dragon: freezing their blood with silverine—an aura that comes from silver weapons—or letting their bodies be incinerated by sunlight.Young hunter prodigy Leonica is accompanied by her close friend Ragna, who appears to lack the skills necessary in their profession. Moreover, many shun Ragna, considering him cursed because dragons always seem to attack him and slaughter his close ones. Nevertheless, Leonica sees potential in Ragna and gladly partners up with him. Likewise, Ragna feels certain that Leonica is immune to his misfortune thanks to her incredible strength.His confidence is shaken, however, when Ragna dreams of Leonica's death, believing this to be a prophecy. As the destined day arrives, he comes face-to-face with his future self, who bestows him enormous power and memories from the future to ensure Leonica's safety. In order to succeed, Ragna must join forces with a mysterious figure known as Crimson and eradicate all dragons for good.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Being the daughter of a modeling agency owner, Chiyuki Fujito aspires to represent her father's agency in the prestigious Paris Fashion Week, shining under the spotlight as a runway model. However, although she is equipped with great looks and talent, she unfortunately lacks a key element in becoming a successful model—height. Stuck at 158 cm even after entering high school, her childhood dream seems out of reach.Meanwhile, Ikuto Tsumura is a high school student with a knack in designing clothes; however, without the resources to pursue the necessary education, his ambition of becoming a fashion designer remains a mere dream. But as fate brings Chiyuki and Ikuto together, the dim hopes within their hearts are ignited once again. Together, the two promise to rebel against convention and carve out their own paths in the fashion world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Born into a loving family, Femicia appears to have a bright future ahead of her. When she finally turns five, the time comes to go to the church to have her skills appraised. However, while she does receive a monster tamer skill, it turns out that Femicia has zero stars for that ability. To make matters worse, society considers those who have zero stars to be harbingers of misfortune; as a result, Femicia is shunned by everyone—including her family.Soon enough, Femicia is chased out of her village and is constantly on the run. Fearing for her life, she decides to masquerade as a boy and change her name to Ivy. With a goal given to her by a fortune teller to reach the royal capital, Ivy meets and successfully tames a slime, starting an unlikely friendship that may provide a means to get the destiny she deserves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of the film is set after the conflict instigated by Toyotomi Hideyoshi ended, but not before the Battle of Sekigahara determines who shall be the Shogun of Japan.(Source: ANN)An Angel Eater has been freed in Heaven. Since Goddesses and Angels share body and soul, losing your angel results in going into shock for the Goddess. Lind goes to Earth to protect Belldandy and the others unknowing that it is a trap.(Source: ANN)Kou Ichinomiya is the son of a wealthy businessman who holds a firm belief in his elite status. As such, he is determined to avoid becoming indebted to anyone; but one day, after a run-in with some mischievous kids on Arakawa Bridge, he ends up falling into the river running underneath. Luckily for him, a passerby is there to save him—but now, he owes his life to this stranger!Angered by this, Kou insists on paying her back, but this may just be the worst deal the arrogant businessman has ever made. The stranger—a stoic, tracksuit-wearing homeless girl known only as Nino—lives in a cardboard box under the bridge and wants only one thing: to fall in love. Asking Kou to be her boyfriend, he has no choice but to accept, forcing him to move out of his comfortable home and start a new life under the bridge![Written by MAL Rewrite]OVA of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu which was announced to be released before the start of the second series.Ten years have passed since Nagomu Irino left his home to pursue his dream that ultimately failed. He finally decides to return after hearing that his father—owner of the Kyoto sweets store Ryokushou—has been hospitalized. Worrying that no one would inherit the shop if his father passes away, Nagomu prepares himself to embrace his family's legacy and the art of making sweets⁠.Unsurprisingly, Nagomu discovers that his father has already chosen a different successor—a 10-year-old girl named Itsuka Yukihira, who was abandoned at Ryokushou by her father for reasons unknown. While she has since become a part of the family and is now the shop's poster girl, Itsuka still longs to see her father and follows all possible clues that may lead her to him. Sympathizing with Itsuka's situation, Nagomu's mother asks Nagomu to act as Itsuka's father, hoping that Itsuka will open up to him and relieve her pain, even if just a little.Starting on bad terms, Itsuka and Nagomu gradually learn more about each other, realizing that they are more similar than they had thought. Connected by their mutual love for both Ryokushou and its confections, their relationship as child and father figure begins to make lives around them a little bit sweeter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita and the gang travel 66 million years into the past to bring a pair of adorable dinosaur twins back to where they belong.(Source: Netflix)The tale of Ice Emperor and his journey as a mercenary. The story tells a story of twin Queen Medusas and their intervention with the Ice Emperor.Years after his father is defeated by an adolescent Gokuu Son, Magenta seeks revenge against Gokuu's family and allies. In his quest to resurrect the defunct Red Ribbon Army, Magenta drafts the services of Dr. Hedo, grandson of the evil legendary scientist Dr. Gero. Hedo embarks to invent a new line of superheroic androids to eliminate Gokuu after Magenta manipulates him into believing that Earth's most powerful heroes are actually alien villains.While Gokuu and Vegeta train offworld, the alien Piccolo mentors Pan, Gokuu's toddler granddaughter, in the same way he once trained Gohan Son, her father. Gohan himself has forsaken his warrior lineage in order to pursue an academic career. Both Piccolo and Gohan must leap into action when their quiet lives are interrupted by the arrival of Gamma 1-gou and Gamma 2-gou—Hedo's new android creations.While the Gamma androids believe they are fighting for justice, a more sinister project incubates beneath the Red Ribbon headquarters. Gohan and Piccolo take drastic actions to protect Pan and defend the planet against a new robotic menace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As they adjust to life in Tokyo, Haruka Nanase and Makoto Tachibana prepare for their university's opening ceremony. However, while running some errands, they find themselves representing Iwatobi in a regional mascot wrestling tournament. Unbeknownst to them, the rest of the Iwatobi and Samezuka swim club members are watching the event's live broadcast at a local festival.While also adapting to the quick change of pace, Ikuya Kirishima and Hiyori Toono discuss what moving from the countryside to the city was like.Crossing paths with old friends on the bustling streets of Tokyo, the curtain rises on a new chapter in the boys' lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]14-year-old Kazami Hayato is the youngest driver of Cyber Formula, a Grand Prix in which each vehicle is equipped with computers to aid in racing. With the help of Asurada, the most advanced cybernavigation system, and team Sugo, Hayato races to become the winner of the 10th Cyber Formula Grand Prix. Along the way, Hayato will have to learn what it truly means to be a racer and that victory cannot be achieved simply by driving the best machine. In addition, Kazami will have to gain the respect of the veteran racers, thwart those who attempt to steal Asurada, and participate in races outside of Cyber Formula.(Source: ANN)Tetsurou Hoshino is a boy bent on obtaining an immortal mechanical body in order to take revenge against his mother's murderer, the machine man Count Mecha. However, due to the incredible cost of obtaining what he seeks, his only hope is to steal a boarding pass for the Galaxy Express 999, a space train that travels across the galaxy and whose final stop is a planet where the metal replacements are provided for free. After swiping a pass, Tetsurou is pursued by the police and ends up collapsing into the arms of a mysterious woman named Maetel, who closely resembles his mother. Once he awakens, she tells the boy that she will provide him entry onto the 999 as long as he agrees to travel with her. Accepting her proposition, Tetsurou boards the cosmic railway with Maetel and begins a journey across the galaxy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the conclusion of Hakuouki, Chizuru Yukimura and the Shinsengumi are forced to flee Kyoto and set sail for Edo. In their commander Isami Kondou's absence, vice-commander Toshizou Hijikata steps in as acting commander. However, Hijikata is not only struggling with the extra leadership duties—which worries everyone around him—but also a newfound uncontrollable bloodlust. To make matters worse, the urge does not affect him alone, and it is even beginning to drive some of his subordinates mad.Finally, Kondou returns with orders from the emperor to defend the castle, and a new name for their squad: the Kouyou Chinbutai. But in war, the balance of power can shift suddenly and allegiances can waver. In Hakuouki Hekketsuroku, Chizuru follows the Shinsengumi into the heart of war and continues the search for her missing father, all while the bond between her and Hijikata grows ever stronger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Upon returning from school one day, Rin Shima encounters an unfamiliar three-wheeled motorcycle parked outside her house. After asking her father about it, she learns that the vehicle is a temporary loaner while her moped undergoes its annual maintenance.  With arrangements to go camping at Yatsugatake the next day, Rin has no choice but to utilize the three-wheeler. As she embarks on her trip, Rin's traveling experience soon shifts gears, and she discovers a refined driving performance on new unexplored roads.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As one of the 12 Seleção that needs to save the country in order to win a game, Akira Takizawa decided to become the "King of Japan." With that in mind, after his return from the U.S.A., the remaining Seleção will also need to follow up on their own plans as they strive to outdo each other.Saki Morimi and the other members of the "Eden of the East" are under suspicion of being terrorists, but they still do everything they can to help Takizawa reach his goal and unravel the secrets of his past, as the last fight between the Seleção begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A re-editing of the 11 television episodes of Higashi no Eden.As the younger brother of Japanese soccer star Seisuke Kanou, Kyousuke was always expected to grow as a soccer player at the same pace his brother did—an expectation that proved too difficult to meet. Having fallen behind, he now lives in the shadow of his brother's success.Entering his freshman year at Jouyou Akanegaoka High School, Kyousuke vows never to play soccer again. However, Miki Tsujiwaki, the captain of the girls' soccer team, and Mori Kazuto, the manager of the boys' team, recognize Kyousuke's potential and want to see his return to the game for their own reasons.With an opportunity to play soccer again, Kyousuke must either remain steadfast in his decision to abandon the sport he once loved, or allow himself to reignite that flame to become the best striker in the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During their quest in the feudal era to recover the shards of the miraculous Shikon Jewel, Inuyasha, Kagome Higurashi, and their friends become the target of Menoumaru Hyouga—a demon awakened by one of the Shikon fragments, now in pursuit of Inuyasha's heirloom sword Tessaiga. Following a clash between the fathers of Inuyasha and Menoumaru, the weapon is the only means to restore Menoumaru his rightful family heritage.However, upon ambushing Inuyasha, Menoumaru discovers that Tessaiga's owner alone can wield it. Determined to achieve his objective regardless, he kidnaps Kagome to force Inuyasha to use his blade and release the sealed powers of the Hyouga clan. With their dependable companions' assistance, Inuyasha and Kagome oppose Menoumaru, unaware that his sinister intentions and alarming potential will endanger not only their world but also its distant future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During the final years of his life, Hiraku Machio remained confined to a hospital bed with a terminal illness until he finally passed away. Taking pity on the unfair life he lived, a god decides to reincarnate Hiraku in another world where he can live as he pleases. Wanting to try farming in this new life, he is bestowed with an all-in-one "Almighty Farming Tool" that can transform into any useful implement he wishes. Hiraku is then transported to a forest seemingly far from civilization. Here, he plans to build and farm everything from scratch—gradually developing the lifeless area into a thriving new society.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For centuries, a god named Celestin has been imprisoned on the moon for betraying the kingdom of Yggdrasil. Released by the fairy Morgan Le Fey, Celestin travels to Earth to reunite with his former pupil, the goddess Belldandy. Things go awry as Celestin erases Belldandy's memories of her boyfriend Keiichi and uses her as a catalyst to wreak havoc on Earth and Yggdrasil. One year after goddess Belldandy emerged from Keiichi Morisato's mirror and promised to stay with him forever, a new threat to their happiness emerges, one that could end the contract between Belldandy and Keiichi. As the Shinda Sekai Sensen (SSS) continue their vindictive rebellion against God, their leader, Yuri Nakamura, comes up with an ingenious plan to escape the afterlife. Her subordinates prepare to carry out "Operation High Tension Syndrome" to deceive Kanade Tachibana, student council president and alleged associate of God, into thinking that they are ready to pass on. With a week's worth of food on the line and with Heaven as the ultimate prize, will the SSS members be able to fool the inscrutable Kanade?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Weakened by the poison from his last battle, Baki Hanma finds himself on the verge of death with no salvation in sight. However, after Baki's friend, Retsu Kaiou, brings him to China, he learns about the centurial Raitai Tournament, where the fiercest warriors fight to be crowned as the strongest martial artist in all of China. As it is now allowing entry to foreigners, Baki is informed that he will have to compete in the tournament as it holds the cure to his illness. Unfortunately, Baki's father, deemed the "Strongest Creature on Earth," is participating too. Baki 2nd Season details the events of the grand Chinese tournament, as well as Baki's encounter with the eccentric yet powerful Mohammad Alai Jr.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Everywhere around the world, the children sleep. Unaware of danger lurking in the shadows. But tonight, a strange darkness floats in the wind. And the children, one by one, begin to disappear. It seems to be a supernatural force that feeds on their dreams. The evil queen, Badiyanu, and her loyal fairies assist in using the "Black Dream Hole" to swallow the earth. It is up to Sailor Moon and the Sailor Soldiers to prevent the approaching Darkness. (Source: ANN)No direct-relation sequel to original Black Jack. Black Jack attempts to find out the conspiracy, of why he was involved in the bombfield accident that killed his mother, while he uncovers secrets of Organization and Project "Noir", which, his father and other famous doctors were involved in...The awkward lovebirds, Yuuta Togashi and Rikka Takanashi are now living together as they enter a new school year, but their adorable relationship remains stagnant. Yuuta struggles to adapt to having a chuuni girlfriend while the gang—Sanae Dekomori, Shinka Nibutani and Kumin Tsuyuri—are still keeping up with their quirks despite having advanced a grade. Making matters worse, another chuuni girl from Yuuta's middle school, Satone Shichimiya, appears...With the various events revolving around Yuuta, will he be able to develop his relationship with Rikka?[Written by MAL Rewrite]With his handsome slim-fit suit, characteristic glossy shades, and a casual cigarette in mouth, word is that the remarkably strong Shizuo Heiwajima rules Ikebukoro's streets. When ordinary bartender Shizuo Nobusuma hears these rumors, he realizes he could make his own life a bit easier: as a con artist. Donning a blond wig and venturing into Ikebukuro assuming Shizuo's identity, the impostor is confident he is fooling everyone into doing his bidding. But as the district's residents either take pity or tease him before the actual Shizuo inevitably finds out, his luck plummets when he encounters Izaya Orihara—an information broker whose favorite activity in the world is messing with Shizuo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dragon Cry is a magical artifact of deadly power, formed into a staff by the fury and despair of dragons long gone. Now, this power has been stolen from the hands of the Fiore kingdom by the nefarious traitor Zash Caine, who flees with it to the small island nation of Stella. Frightened that the power has fallen into the wrong hands, the King of Fiore hastily sends Fairy Tail to retrieve the staff. But this task proves frightening as a shadowy secret lies in the heart of the kingdom of Stella. Dragon Cry follows their story as they muster up all their strength to recover the stolen staff and save both kingdoms.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Horiguchi Genki was 5 years old boy. His mother died when he was born, and he was raised only by his father. His father, Shark Horiguchi, was a professional boxer, but he was ruined and become an itinerant boxer. However, Genki believed his father was strong and he would become a champion, and he had a dream to become a strong boxer as his father. After his father’s death, he was adopted by his grandparents. Although they opposed Genki boxing, Genki made up his mind to become a boxer, and he continued training secretly. Meeting with various people, for example, Teacher Ashikiwa who resembles his mother, Mishima who is a high school boxing champion, he made his way to be a boxer. (Source: AnimeNfo)Leon, who has succeeded the name of Golden Knight "GARO," devotes himself to train a young Makai Knight for the next generation, together with Prince Alfonso of the Valiante Kingdom. Then, they receive an order to exterminate the most beautiful Horror in the world which resides in a neighboring country "Vazelia." At the same time, a young Makai Knight for the next generation is kidnapped by an unknown person. Leon desperately follows them, only to find that he is surrounded by his enemies at a dead end. Then, a Makai Knight Dario who was supposed to be missing for some time suddenly appears and rescues him. Under his guidance, Leon is led to the town where he meets up a totally unexpected person.(Source: ANN)Gugure! Kokkuri-san is an eccentric comedy centered around the self-proclaimed doll, Kohina Ichimatsu. Her uneventful life goes from plain to absurd when she summons a fox spirit by the name of Kokkuri-san. But contrary to popular belief, he is not the omniscient, answer-granting spirit from the legend anymore. The loss of believers in modern society has rendered him powerless.Upon meeting the bizarre girl who summoned him, Kokkuri-san is shocked to discover that Kohina not only lives alone, but survives on just cup ramen! Filled with concern for the young girl, he takes it upon himself to ensure that Kohina has proper meals and lives a decent life. Thus begin Kokkuri-san's less-than-hopeful endeavors and their peculiar life together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Inside the human body, roughly 37.2 trillion cells work energetically 24 hours a day and 365 days a year. Fresh out of training, the cheerful and somewhat airheaded Sekkekkyuu AE3803 is ready to take on the ever-so-important task of transporting oxygen. As usual, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 is hard at work patrolling and eliminating foreign bacteria seeking to make the body their new lair. Elsewhere, little platelets are lining up for a new construction project. Dealing with wounds and allergies, getting lost on the way to the lungs, and bickering with similar cell types, the daily lives of cells are always hectic as they work together to keep the body healthy![Written by MAL Rewrite]Hourai is a mysterious island that appears for a limited period once every 50 years. Some say that the isle holds the secret of eternal youth; others believe that it brings disaster to their land. When Inuyasha's group saves a half-demon child from being hunted by a monstrous creature, they learn that her name is Ai and that she fled from Hourai. Surprisingly, the girl is an acquaintance of Inuyasha and begs him to rescue her friends, who are being held prisoner by vicious demons calling themselves the Four War Gods—an enemy Inuyasha remembers well.Upon reaching Hourai, Ai's guests are horrified to discover that only a handful of orphans still inhabit the island and are destined to become sacrifices to increase the Four War Gods' powers. Furthermore, the victims bear their oppressors' enchanted mark, which prevents them from escaping. Defeating the four demons remains Inuyasha's most viable option, but their superiority in strength will require daring initiatives achievable only by the group's combined teamwork.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tuğrul Mahmut is a young pasha serving on the Divan of the Türkiye Stratocracy. The clouds of war are gathering over his country due to the threat of an aggressive Empire. With the Divan split between warmongers and the pacifists, Mahmut begins his quest to keep the peace at any cost. As he finds himself deeper and deeper in the politics of the ancient world, new enemies and allies surface. Who will prevail? What will Mahmut do if war proves to be inevitable?In Japan, the country that inspired the slogan "Born to be Mild," the blood of young men still runs hot. In the old days they'd go off into the country and hack each other up with swords, but these days, what with school, that isn't very practical.So some of them do something very un-Japanese. They strap on a big bike, roar around annoying people, and pound anyone they consider dishonorable.Now meet Eguchi Yousuke, leader of a high-school Biker gang AND the school's handicrafts club. Which means he divides his time between fistfights and fancy needlework.And if you think he's weird, wait until you meet the rest of his gang...(Source: AniDB)On the outskirts of the country of Helvetia rests the tranquil town of Seize. Upon its cobbled streets, citizens go about their daily lives, undisturbed by the increasingly tense military relations between Helvetia and the neighboring Roman Empire.It is under these circumstances that the 1121st platoon of the Helvetian army, stationed at the Clocktower Fortress in Seize, receives a new recruit in the young and spirited Kanata Sorami. Having joined the military to fulfill her dream of learning to play the bugle, she excitedly accepts the tutelage of the Sergeant Major, Rio Kazumiya, who happens to be a skilled trumpeter. Working alongside them are the aloof mechanic, Noël Kannagi, the feisty gunner, Kureha Suminoya, and the compassionate Captain Felicia Heideman; together, they experience the beauty of life in Seize and the lasting joy of a community that has persevered in spite of the crumbling world around them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Let not an Outsider touch thee,Lest thou shalt be cursed forever.Once upon a time, in a land far away that was divided into two realms...The Outside was roamed by teratomorphic creatures who had the power to curse whoever they touched. Humans could live safely only in the Inside. But when a lost little girl from the Inside named Shiva, and a demonic beast-looking Outsider simply known as "Teacher" initiate a quiet coexistence on the same side of the forest, their bond seems to transcend their incompatible natures. It is the beginning of a folktale about two outcasts -one human, one inhuman- who linger in the hazy twilight that separates night from day.(Source: Production I.G)Young love—it takes many unique and fascinating forms that flourish as children begin to mature into adults. From being unable to confess to not knowing what real love actually feels like, various obstacles can arise when learning about romantic attraction for the first time. But underneath all that, young love is something truly beautiful to behold, leading to brand new experiences for those young and in love.Tsurezure Children depicts various scenarios of young love coming to fruition, along with the struggles and joys that it entails.[Written by MAL Rewrite]DVD specials of comedic events that occurred during the story of Utawarerumono. The specials are included in the DVD Box special disc.Original video anime episode of Watashi no Shiawase na Kekkon.Second season of Wu Dong Qian Kun.Among the treasures from the Immortal Manor, Qin Yu, along with venturers from other sects, find clues relating to the Ni Yang Realm, a realm of the Immortal Emperor Ni Yang. When Jiang Li is forced to return home, Jiang Lan decides to go back for her. Before leaving, he gives a parting gift to Qin Yu, one that may help him meet her. Setting out to the Ni Yang Realm, Qin Yu faces various ordeals before he gains knowledge on the strength he will be needing in order to meet Jiang Li again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Yawara Inokuma lives a completely happy and ordinary life. She aspires to an average lifestyle as a delicate young lady with a handsome boyfriend in the near future.Unfortunately for Yawara, she has an undesirable prodigious talent in Judo, a modern martial art that is neither feminine nor fashionable. Moreover, Yawara is the only granddaughter of the seventh dan Judo master Jigorou Inokuma, who expects her to become a Japanese Judoka superstar of the '90s.Yawara cautiously hides her strength from everyone to maintain a normal reputation but is often pushed to situations when she must exercise her Judo skills. Observing Yawara's immense potential from the shadows, Kousaku Matsuda, a sports reporter from a substandard paper, is willing to do everything he can to bring her into the limelight.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tensions are running high among the clans as the Green King begins making moves that threaten to drive the world into pandemonium. Following the death of the Gold King, the safety of the Dresden Slate, the source of power of the Kings, is under threat. Nagare Hisui, the sly and mysterious leader of the Green Clan Jungle, is determined to procure the powerful Slate by any means possible.Standing directly in his way is Sceptre 4, the Blue Clan, headed by their unyielding King, Reishi Munakata. However, the grim sight of his crumbling Sword of Damocles leaves the stability of his clan and all of Japan in jeopardy. Meanwhile, still recovering from their tragic losses, Anna Kushina and her aggressive clan HOMRA find themselves caught up in the Green King's games. Amidst the chaos, Kurou Yatogami and Neko are left vulnerable while their beloved friend, Yashiro Isana, the Silver King, remains missing.  As the remaining clans struggle against the Green King's formidable forces, one final king appears.[Written by MAL Rewrite]There is a tower that summons chosen people called "Regulars" with the promise of granting their deepest desires. Whether it be wealth, fame, authority, or something that surpasses them all—everything awaits those who reach the top.Twenty-Fifth Bam is a boy who had only known a dark cave, a dirty cloth, and an unreachable light his entire life. So when a girl named Rachel came to him through the light, his entire world changed. Becoming close friends with Rachel, he learned various things about the outside world from her. But when Rachel says she must leave him to climb the Tower, his world shatters around him. Vowing to follow after her no matter what it takes, he sets his sight on the tower, and a miracle occurs.Thus begins the journey of Bam, a young boy who was not chosen by the Tower but opened its gates by himself. They call his kind "Irregulars"—beings that have shaken the very foundation of the Tower each time they set foot inside it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japari Park is an untamed paradise where many humanoid animals, known as "Friends," live their everyday lives in all corners of the natural environmental park.One lazy afternoon in the savannah area, the energetic Serval encounters a peculiar new Friend. Curious, she swiftly takes down the Friend, named Kaban, to try and discover what species she is. To Serval's disappointment, not even Kaban herself knows the answer.The two become friends and set out on a grand adventure through the many habitats, landmarks, and attractions of Japari Park. Their destination is the park library, where they hope to shed some light on Kaban’s identity. Along the way, they meet many other Friends, looking into their lives and helping them out. However, they soon begin to uncover the sinister reality behind the park and their own existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Condensed version of both the first and second seasons of Gundam 00 featuring some new animated sequences and some partially re-recorded dialogue. High school student Hajime Kindaichi is the supposed grandson of famous private detective Kosuke Kindaichi. Visiting Hong Kong for a fashion event with Kindaichi, our hero's girlfriend Miyuki is captured by a stranger in a case of mistaken identity. The journey to save Miyuki itself leads to yet another crime case...(Source: YTV)Takamine Kiyomaro, a depressed don't-care-about-the-world guy, was suddenly given a little demon named Gash Bell to take care of. Little does he know that Gash is embroiled into an intense fight to see who is the ruler of the demon world. All of the demons have to pick a master on Earth and duke it out with other demons until one survives. Needless to say, Kiyomaro becomes Gash's master, and through their many battles, Kiyomaro learns the importance of friendship and courage. Mint is a girl who happens to be the princess of the world of dreams and magic. The natural environment of her world is a reflection of the dreams of the people on Earth. It is now in danger as people lose faith in their dreams and let darkness enter their hearts. The environment of Mint's world is starting to wither and die.On her 12th birthday, after a gala celebration with her father the King and her mother, she agrees to go to the world of humans to try to preserve people's hopes and dreams, and to prove that she has the qualities necessary to be a wise ruler. Her father arranges for her to stay with his sister, Mint's aunt Herb, who runs a gift shop on Earth called "Happiness Shop". (Source: AniDB)A year has passed since Okawari and the three sisters have grown up. Their likings and moods are almost the same. Haruka, the older sister, is a love-giving mother to the younger sisters and a discipline follower. Kana, the middle one, leaves everything to the last possible moment and always gives trouble to the trio. Chiaki, the little one, is the calculating and manipulating one; she likes to be admired and loved by Haruka and always gives trouble to the less blessed Kana. Despite being an unbalanced family, they love each other with all their heart. The family's daily life is as funny as ever; trouble and love are always present. Now it's time to see if they'll survive this age change since Haruka is now a young adult; she has even more responsibilities, having to watch over the young while integrating into the adult life.(Source: ANN)One could say that freshman college student Tadayasu Sawaki has a wide range of vision. He has a peculiar ability that allows him to see microorganisms with the naked eye. Sawaki can see all sorts of microbes, from the fungi that cause athlete's foot to the yeast used to make alcohol, with him perceiving his little friends as cute chibi creatures. Attending an agricultural university, his talent piques the interest of numerous professors, including Professor Itsuki, who specializes in fermentation. Sawaki starts school indifferent toward his ability, choosing an agricultural school in Tokyo. However, with the help of the eccentric community around him, he slowly learns to appreciate these visible microbes and his talent. The whimsical cast of professors and classmates attending the university almost makes Sawaki seem normal despite his ability.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Legends tell of an invincible martial art known as Mutsu Enmei-Ryu, an unarmed style that allows the user to defeat any number of armed opponents using incredible speed and strength. This is the story of three generations of those who bear the name Mutsu, and their encounters and battles with the strongest fighters of their era. (Source: ANN)From the heavenly object known as the Chaos Pearl, two elements are extracted: the Spirit Pearl and the Demon Orb. In an attempt to suppress their power, the Lord of Heaven sends the Spirit Pearl to Earth to reincarnate as Ne Zha, the third son of Li Jing, while the Demon Orb is scheduled to be destroyed by a lightning strike. However, because of a conspiracy by the Dragon King to steal the Spirit Pearl for his own son, Ne Zha is instead reincarnated with the Demon Orb.With no way to remove the cursed effects of the Demon Orb, Ne Zha is raised under the belief that he will become the great demon hunter the Spirit Pearl destined for him to be. Fighting against his chaotic and mischievous nature, Ne Zha must decide whether to accept his evil fate or rebel against it to prove he is worthy of the future his parents foretold.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chiko is the daughter of the wealthy Mikamo family who has to live with her aunt and uncle after her parents passed away. Because her aunt wants to inherit the Mikamo family's wealth, she gives Chiko poisoned food. One day, however, she's kidnapped by the Nijuu Mensou (20 Faces) and decides to join his clan. (Source: ZOMG)For a child, Aoyama has knowledge comparable to an adult. As such, he is often teased by his classmates. He also has a crush on the friendly woman he recently met at a dental office. One morning, penguins start mysteriously appearing around his neighborhood. Nobody knows where they came from and how they managed to get there. Aoyama is determined to find out more, and he joins his new crush in researching the penguins.As time passes, they discover a levitating sphere which they nickname "The Sea." Whatever goes into The Sea does not come back out, and the only things that can destroy it are the penguins. However, something horrifying is created when the penguins do...Penguin Highway follows Aoyama and the woman's research on the mysterious penguins' origin, as well as the many difficulties Aoyama faces throughout his investigation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Every little girl waits for the day she'll get her special ticket, one that will grant her entry into the world of PriPara (Prism Paradise). PriPara is a world of music, fashion, and daily auditions for a chance to become a pop idol. Laala Manaka's friends and classmates aspire to become idols, but her school forbids elementary school students from participating in the idol competitions.Luckily, Laala is only interested in watching the idol shows. Yet somehow despite all this, she manages to bumble her way into the PriPara world, and debut as a fresh new talent. After being told all her life that she's too loud, Laala has finally found a place where she can be as loud as she wants and sing from her heart.And not only that, but there's a possibility that she might be the legendary Prism Voice. Adventure, fashion, and music awaits as Laala climbs her way to the top, on her way to become the cutest and most beloved pop idol in the world of PriPara!Humans have designed countless worlds—each one born from the unique imagination of its creator. Souta Mizushino is a high school student who aspires to be such a creator by writing and illustrating his own light novel. One day, while watching anime for inspiration, he is briefly transported into a fierce fight scene. When he returns to the real world, he realizes something is amiss: the anime's headstrong heroine, Selesia Yupitilia, has somehow returned with him.Before long, other fictional characters appear in the world, carrying the hopes and scars of their home. A princely knight, a magical girl, a ruthless brawler, and many others now crowd the streets of Japan. However, the most mysterious one is a woman in full military regalia, dubbed "Gunpuku no Himegimi," who knows far more than she should about the creators' world. Despite this, no one knows her true name or the world she is from.Meanwhile, Souta and Selesia work together with Meteora Österreich, a calm and composed librarian NPC, to uncover the meaning behind these unnatural events. With powerful forces at play, the once clear line between reality and imagination continues to blur, leading to a fateful meeting between creators and those they created.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The war against the Tokugawa Shogunate ended years ago. But there are some who are not happy with the outcome. Shigure Takimi watched his friends and family get slashed down in the name of freedom and prosperity. Now he and a band of desperate rebels have sworn to settle one final score. Only one man stands in their way: Kenshin Himura. But when Shigure discovers Kenshin's true identity as the Hitokiri Battousai, his fight becomes a personal vendetta.(Source: ANN)Sophisticated, suave, sublime; all words which describe the exceedingly handsome and patently perfect Sakamoto. Though it is only his first day in high school, his attractiveness, intelligence, and charm already has the girls swooning and the guys fuming with jealousy. No one seems able to derail him, as all attempts at tripping him up are quickly foiled. His sangfroid is indomitable, his wits peerless. Will any of Sakamoto's classmates, or even teachers, be able to reach his level of excellence? Probably not, but they just might learn a thing or two trying...[Written by MAL Rewrite]On his first day of high school at the formerly all-girl's Ousai Private Academy, Takatoshi Tsuda is called out for his untidy uniform by the student council president Shino Amakusa. In apology for delaying Takatoshi for his first class—and stating that the group needs a male point of view to accommodate the arrival of boys at the school—Shino offers him the position of vice president of the student council. Though unwilling, Takatoshi finds himself appointed as the newest member of the student council having yet to even step foot inside the school building.Takatoshi soon realizes that the other student council members who are more than a little strange: President Shino, who is studious and serious in appearance, but actually a huge pervert, fascinated with the erotic and constantly making lewd jokes; the secretary Aria Shichijou, who may seem like a typical sheltered rich girl, but is just as risque as the president, if not more so; and finally, the treasurer Suzu Hagimura, who may act fairly normal, but has the body of an elementary school student and is extremely self-conscious of it. Surrounded by these colorful characters, the new vice president must now work through a nonstop assault of sexual humor and insanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Denizens from the Crimson Realm continue to infiltrate Misaki City and steal life energy from humans. To combat this threat, Flame Hazes are tasked with saving humans from losing their existences. But while it is a Flame Haze's duty to protect humans, Shana—the "Flame-Haired Burning-Eyed Hunter"—seems to be focusing her attention on one human in particular: Yuuji Sakai, a teenage boy who was unwittingly dragged into the fight between Crimson Denizens and Flame Hazes. Since her first encounter with Yuuji, Shana has started to see him as more than just a friend. In fact, Yuuji wonders if Shana might have revealed her feelings to him once before, but it is difficult for him to confirm due to her hot-and-cold personality. Nonetheless, their days pass like any other, until a new transfer student arrives at their high school—one who bears a striking resemblance to an old enemy.Yuuji and Shana have no time to dance around their feelings for each other; while their adversaries from the Bal Masqué organization plan their next attack, the two must keep their guard up as they explore the origin behind the coveted magical object within Yuuji's body, the "Midnight Lost Child."[Written by MAL Rewrite]Abandoned as a child by her mother, Aoi Tsubaki has always had the ability to see "ayakashi"—spirits from the Hidden Realm. Shirou Tsubaki, her grandfather who shared the same ability, took her under his wing and taught her how to live with the ayakashi in peace. When her grandfather abruptly passes away, the independent Aoi must continue her college career, armed with only her knowledge in cooking as a means of protection against the human-eating spirits. In hopes that the ayakashi will not turn to her or other unknowing humans as a tasty meal, she takes it upon herself to feed the hungry creatures that cross her path.After giving a mysterious ayakashi her lunch, Aoi is transported to the Hidden Realm, where the ayakashi reveals himself to be an ogre-god known as Oodanna, the "Master Innkeeper." There, she learns that she was used as collateral for her grandfather's debt of one hundred million yen, and that she must pay the price for her grandfather's careless decision by marrying Oodanna. Aoi valiantly refuses and decides to settle things on her own terms: she will pay off the debt herself by opening an eatery at Oodanna's inn.Kakuriyo no Yadomeshi follows the journey of Aoi as she proceeds to change and touch the lives of the ayakashi through the one weapon she has against them—her delicious cooking.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In August of 1995, Mikiya Kokutou meets a young kimono-clad woman named Shiki Ryougi. When he finds out that they go to the same school, he attempts to befriend her. Though her upbringing is unconventional and she herself is strange, Mikiya is not deterred, and Shiki gradually opens up to him. But Mikiya's life will be changed forever by this simple meeting, and in ways that he never imagined, as he begins to see a deadly side to his new friend...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kyousuke Kasuga is no stranger to being the new kid at school. Despite only being a third-year middle schooler, he has spent his entire childhood avoiding those who discover his family's paranormal powers, and he has had to change schools seven times as a result. Upon catching a beautiful girl's hat, he becomes optimistic and hopes that he and his family have finally moved for the last time.When Kyousuke gets to school, however, he learns a different story. The elegant girl he just met turns out to be none other than Madoka Ayukawa—also known as "Madoka the Pick"—a delinquent known to smoke, drink, and get into fights. Her best friend is first-year Hikaru Hiyama, a childish and energetic girl who quickly falls in love with Kyousuke. Enamored with both girls, Kyousuke tries to balance a delicate triangle of emotions, all while dealing with the antics brought about by a family with paranormal powers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A failed assassination attempt on the Kingdom of Albion's queen causes spies on all sides to be questioned on their loyalty to their respective alliances. Amid the increasing tensions, Ange le Carré, Dorothy, Charlotte, and Chise Toudou have returned with a new assignment: to collect an antique bookstore owner held captive at the kingdom's prison. However, this simple mission is soon followed by fear when Control assigns the team to investigate a suspected double agent within the royal family. Ange and the other members of Team White Pigeon must face betrayal and bloodshed as they attempt to make contact with another spy while aware of only one thing: their codename, Bishop.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A movie adaptation of the TV series.An idol's brilliance illuminates the dreams of humanity. Starlight Academy, a holy ground for celebrities in training, seeks to realize this belief. Behind its rigorous entrance requirements lie not only the top young stars in the entertainment business, but some of the best memories these students will ever have.Or so Aoi Kiriya believes. Alongside her best friend Ichigo, Aoi decides to apply for the prestigious private school in hopes of living up to the praise of the biggest idol in the world: Mizuki Kanzaki. As they journey through the numerous laughs, friendships, and heartbreaks that await them, can the two girls light up the lives of others as Mizuki has done for them?Whether it be chopping down Christmas trees, traversing obstacle courses, or even rock climbing, there's always a playful new adventure to be found in the world of Aikatsu!.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of the anime revolves around Ichigo, who was just a normal middle school student until she suddenly got involved in the world of idols. The film will center on Aikatsu!'s greatest "Super Live" concert yet, the Dai Star Miya Ichigo Matsuri. Ichigo prepares for the concert with press conferences, last-minute lessons, and more.(Source: ANN)For centuries, the Iga and Kouga ninja clans have engaged in a bitter war. But when a ceasefire is ordered by the powerful warlord Ieyasu Tokugawa, the two clans are forced to put down their arms.Years later, Gennosuke Kouga, heir of the Kouga clan, and Oboro Iga, heir of the Iga clan, have fallen in love. Through marriage, both heirs aim to bring peace to the clans. But their hopes are dashed when flames of rivalry between their clans are reignited, and they are dragged into another war.Ieyasu's two grandsons have both claimed to be the next heir to the shogunate. To resolve this dispute, both the Kouga and Iga are ordered to send their 10 best warriors to fight in a bloody battle royale, with each clan representing one of the potential shogunate heirs. Two scrolls with the names of the fighters are given and are to be marked in blood upon the given fighter's death. The prize for winning is the favor of the Tokugawa shogunate for a thousand years. Torn between their love for each other and duty to their clans, Gennosuke and Oboro must ultimately decide the fate of their clans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]U.A. High School's students of Class 1-A have made it to summer break. Izuku Midoriya accompanies his mentor All Might to a celebratory superhero festival on I-Island, an isolated patch of land dedicated to researching Quirks and everything else associated with the hero business. Midoriya is granted the opportunity to meet All Might's friend Dave and Dave's daughter Melissa, two talented hero equipment engineers. He also encounters his classmates, most of whom have been given the opportunity to spend part of their summer break at the festival.However, a mysterious squad of villains infiltrates I-Island, and it is up to Midoriya and his friends to confront them, using their developing Quirks to fight off the new enemy and uncover a treacherous plot.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A full-scale historical drama set in the last days (the year 1574) of the Sengoku Era of feudal Japan. It is the story of the Nohara family, who has been transferred into the Sengoku Era by time warp, and a tragic love between a princess Ren Kasuga (a daughter of the feudal lord Kasuga at the Province of Musashi) and a samurai warrior Matabei Ijiri (a retainer of the Lord Kasuga).(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)A side-story of Darker than Black, also called Episode 26, that takes place during the events of Kuro no Keiyakusha. The Syndicate has another job for Hei and his team. This assignment involves the sought after possessions of a dead contractor, which are believed to have been buried beneath a cherry tree. Meanwhile, Misaki Kirihara and her team plan a trip to the Cherry Blossom festival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A new era begins in a devastated world gripped by nuclear winter. Humans are no longer in control of the world, and crises emerged one after another. As mankind tried to rebuild order, the protagonist Ren Xiaosu stepped up with his positive energy, and in the process changed the world.On a normal afternoon, Doraemon's bell was stolen by Kaito Deluxe, a thief from the 22nd Century. Determined to get it back, Nobita and co. decides to pursue him and take back the bell that is hidden inside the 22nd Century's Secret Gadget Museum.(Source: ANN)Life in the bustling city of Orario is never dull, especially for Bell Cranel, a naïve young man who hopes to become the greatest adventurer in the land. After a chance encounter with the lonely goddess, Hestia, his dreams become a little closer to reality. With her support, Bell embarks on a fantastic quest as he ventures deep within the city's monster-filled catacombs, known only as the "Dungeon." Death lurks around every corner in the cavernous depths of this terrifying labyrinth, and a mysterious power moves amidst the shadows.Even on the surface, survival is a hard-earned privilege. Indeed, nothing is ever certain in a world where gods and humans live and work together, especially when they often struggle to get along. One thing is for sure, though: a myriad of blunders, triumphs and friendships awaits the dauntlessly optimistic protagonist of this herculean tale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Advent Children Special Edition is the 25 minute version of the movie which was shown at the 62nd Venice Film Festival in 2005. Available as dvd bonus on 2-disc special edition.In 1889, the world is on the pinnacle of great discoveries in technology. In mankind's grasp for the future, a sinister foe known only as Gargoyle, obsessed with restoring the former Atlantean empire to the glory it once held, begins his plans to take over the world. Nadia, with the help of a young inventor, Jean Roque Lartigue, and Captain Nemo of the submarine Nautilus, must fight to save the world from Gargoyle and Neo-Atlantis. Based on the Novel '20,000 Leagues Under the Sea' by Jules Verne.(Source: ANN) Many years ago, humans and demons lived in harmony. But that unity ended when demons started attacking humans and plotted a mission to unleash Gyumao—an evil demon imprisoned for thousands of years. Now, Genjo Sanzo, a rogue priest, must team up with three demons—Sha Gojyo, Son Goku, and Cho Hakkai—and embark on a perilous journey to the west to stop these demons from resurrecting Gyumao and restore the balance between humans and demons on Earth.(Source: ANN)East Tokyo United (ETU) has been struggling in Japan's top soccer league for the past few years. It has taken everything they have just to avoid relegation. To make matters even worse, the team has lost five matches in a row, leading to abysmal team morale. Even the fans are beginning to abandon them, and rumors hint that the home ground municipality is going to withdraw their support. With countless coaches fired and poor financial choices in hiring players, it is a downward spiral for ETU.The board of directors, under pressure from general manager Kousei Gotou, takes a gamble and hires a new coach—the slightly eccentric Takeshi Tatsumi. Though considered a great soccer player when he was younger, Tatsumi abandoned ETU years ago. However, since then, he has proven himself successful as the manager of one of England's lower division amateur teams.Tatsumi's task won't be easy; ETU fans call him a traitor, and the team is pitted against others with larger budgets and better players. Yet even the underdog can take down a goliath, and Tatsumi claims he is an expert at giant killing.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Once a terrifying yakuza, "Immortal Dragon" Tatsu now continues to conquer the challenges of mundane life. While his beloved wife Miku works, Tatsu equips his trusted apron, takes care of their finances, hunts down the biggest store sales, and learns the way of a true househusband with the help of the neighborhood wives. Although Tatsu abandoned the life of violence, his former colleagues and enemies reappear around every corner—but this time only as rivals in homemaking ventures. Surrounded by a myriad of chores to occupy him, it seems that no matter how tough things get, Tatsu's undying perseverance prevails as he gives his tasks his absolute best.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After preventing Japan's destruction, Akira Takizawa made one final request to become the "King of Japan," before he erased his memories once again and disappeared. Leaving Saki Morimi with his cellphone, the only clue she has in regards to Akira's whereabouts is the message, "I'll be waiting where our journey started."Six months later, rumors have spread about Akira, and Saki's search leads her to New York City. However, Saki is not the only person who goes to investigate—with several billion yen burning a hole in their pockets and a challenge to "save Japan," the remaining Seleção are not far behind. Some are willing to help Akira achieve his goals, but a few are making dangerous moves in order to eliminate him and achieve their own picture of a better Japan. With rising stakes and new revelations, the game is still on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In professional sumo, there are no weight classes. It's a savage sport where the strongest survive, and anyone willing to test their mettle can step into the ring. There is, however, a minimum size requirement to be a pro sumo wrestler, and young Hinomaru Ushio, incredibly talented and hardworking though he may be, does not meet that requirement. This small boy has big dreams of reaching the highest class of  sumo, Hinoshita Kaisan. The only way he could possibly go pro is if he becomes the High School Yokozuna, a title given to the strongest wrestler in high school tournaments.Ushio is under a lot of pressure, as well as a time limit. If he can't show off his skills in the high school tournaments, he may lose his chance to go pro permanently, and the odds are stacked against him. Instead of enrolling in Ishigami High, the best school for sumo in Japan, he enrolls in Odachi High and must build a sumo club from the ground up with the one devout member Shinya Ozeki. Odachi High is the true underdog of the sumo world, but Ushio has to push forward with all his strength if he is going to make it professionally.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryouma Echizen is one of 50 nationally ranked middle school tennis players to receive an invitation for the Japan U-17 tennis training camp. Previously open only to high school players, the exclusive regiment trains the best players in the country for the upcoming U-17 World Cup. The high schoolers are not pleased that these middle schoolers are allowed into the camp, but the middle schoolers easily overwhelm them before they are halted by the coaches.The rules of the camp are soon explained: the players are split into one of 16 courts based on skill, with the best players occupying Court 1. Players move up and down courts based on "shuffle matches" that occur before practice begins each day. In anticipation of a game, the middle schoolers are asked to pair up with one another, only to find out that they would not be playing doubles with their partners. Instead, they are pitted against each other in a tiebreaker-style game. The winner of the match would be allowed to stay to further develop their skills whereas the loser would be sent home.For the sake of tennis, friendships and camaraderie are all put on the line. As the fierce competition between the middle and high schoolers persists, the situations they find themselves in goes deeper than just playing to remain in the camp.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haru Nabatame, Rio Seibu, and Kyouka Tamaki's idol unit, TiNgS, is on the verge of disbandment. However, if they can fill all two thousand seats in their upcoming anniversary concert, their idol careers will live to see another day. This quota is seemingly impossible for a group like them, especially when the most people they have had at a show is 37. Fortunately, they are placed under a new talented manager—Naoki Hinase.While initially reluctant due to past experiences, Naoki takes charge of TiNgS after sensing Haru's genuine passion for idols with his own remarkable ability to see the shine of someone who is lying. Despite the challenges she faces in this ambitious endeavor, Haru wants everyone in the world to love idols, even willing to become the shining guidepost—shine post—to accomplish her dream.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Defying the odds, middle school student Shion Yasuoka is becoming a rising star of the professional shogi world. Despite losing her family at a young age and being unable to speak due to the trauma, in her loving adoptive family and at the shogi association, she has found the necessary emotional support to move on with her life and very demanding career.Her talent attracts the attention of Satoru Hani, a successful businessman and brother of the current "Meijin"—the title given to the defending champion of Japan's most prestigious shogi tournament. He decides to organize a tournament open to both men and women, including professional and amateur players, and urges Shion to participate in the competition. However, Satoru seems to know a lot about Shion's troubled past, and his actions bring suspicion from Shion's friend Ayumi Saitou and the police—who are still investigating the death of Shion's loved ones.As the end of Satoru's tournament approaches, Shion starts remembering events related to the night when she lost everything and will have to show her mental fortitude to defeat her opponents and foil the plans of the culprits who ruined her life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Masahiro is the grandson of the great onmyouji, Abe no Seimei. However, he lost his sixth sense that enables him to see supernatural beings, which is very important for an onmyouji. Thus, he is left with no choice but to try and pick a different career. But one day, a strange mononoke appears, which he names Mokkun, who shows him his true potential powers after fighting a demon. With the assistance of Mokkun, his quest to become the greatest onmyouji begins.After losing the titanic match against Kainan High, Team Shohoku and a newly shaven Hanamichi Sakuragi are challenged to an exhibition match by virtual basketball unknowns Ryoukufu High. Coach Anzai sees this as an opportunity for Shohoku to regain their confidence, but Ryoukufu are revealed to have a newly assembled championship calibre lineup and may give Sakuragi & Co their toughest test yet.(Source: ANN)Movie adaptation of the Sora no Otoshimono manga, based on Kazane Hiyori's arc.Paradigm City, a city of amnesia and a place of belonging. It remains populated by forgotten pasts and the ruins of their labors due to a calamity 40 years ago. Shrouded in a fog-like mystery, it is up to people like Roger Smith to shine a light through the mist. Acting as a professional negotiator and suave agent, Roger is a self-tailored ladies man whose only love is for funeral black. However, as he gets deeply involved with his clients, what often starts as a simple negotiation evolves into Roger saving Paradigm from crime and peril.In the process, Roger stumbles even deeper into the untold folds of the city. As a rule, things are hardly ever as they appear. Serving as gray knight in a gray world, Roger is not without allies. By his side are Norman, a loyal and widely skilled butler, and Dorothy, a human-like android with deadpan snark. Together with the relic Big O, a jet-black mecha of gargantuan size and weight, they help Roger serve iron justice to Paradigm's lurking villains as he discovers the truth about 40 years ago.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episodes of To LOVE-Ru Darkness 2nd bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume.OVA bundled with the special edition of the manga's side story.When Ryuu Yamada entered high school, he wanted to turn over a new leaf and lead a productive school life. That is why he chose to attend Suzaku High School, where no one would know of his violent delinquent reputation. However, much to Ryuu's dismay, he is soon bored; now a second year, Ryuu has reverted to his old ways—lazy with abysmal grades and always getting into fights.One day, back from yet another office visit, Ryuu encounters Urara Shiraishi, a beautiful honors student. A misstep causes them both to tumble down the stairs, ending in an accidental kiss! The pair discover they can switch bodies with a kiss: an ability which will prove to be both convenient and troublesome.Learning of their new power, Toranosuke Miyamura, a student council officer and the single member of the Supernatural Studies Club, recruits them for the club. Soon joined by Miyabi Itou, an eccentric interested in all things supernatural, the group unearths the legend of the Seven Witches of Suzaku High, seven female students who have obtained different powers activated by a kiss. The Supernatural Studies Club embarks on its first quest: to find the identities of all the witches.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Yondemasu yo, Azazel-san.Two extra episodes included in the Blu-ray and DVD volumes 4 and 7 of "Sora no Woto".The first, episode 7.5, takes place during the series. Felicia proposes a mock battle between the maidens after Kanata sees Rio opening the door to the distillery. If Kanata can win, they'll tell her the truth about the secret room. However, things get out of hand when alcohol gets involved!The second, episode 13, takes place after the series ends. One of the local children asks Kanata what her dream is. Unable to answer, Kanata talks to the other characters about their dreams and goals.A nameless sword wakes up to discover he has been reincarnated from his former life as a human. With his power of telekinesis, he moves around this new world, acquiring several skills and abilities. When the sword comes upon a forest filled with monsters, he meets a young girl fleeing from a beast. Grabbing the sword, the girl easily defeats the monster. After introducing herself as Fran, she names the sword "Shishou" and officially becomes his wielder.The two set out to become adventurers, but unfortunately for Fran, she is a member of the Black Cat Tribe—a Beastkin group with a bad reputation. No member of this tribe has ever evolved into a mightier beast, but Fran plans to be the first and achieve her parents' dream. As Shishou promises to remain her sword until she attains her goal, they form an unstoppable partnership of impressive strength.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second half of the second season of Tiger & Bunny.Bundled with the 5th, 6th, 8th, 9th, 12th and 13th limited-edition volumes of the manga.All Rumi Yokoi wants to do is focus during school, but she is constantly distracted by Toshinari Seki, her neighboring classmate. Paying attention during class is the least of Seki's worries, as he obsesses over intricate setups created using an assortment of items, from an elaborate domino course on his desk to a treacherous war played out with shogi pieces. Yokoi desperately attempts to focus in class, only to be repeatedly sucked into his intriguing eccentricities; however, they always seem to end up with her getting in trouble with their teacher. Fortunately, lessons will never be dull with Seki's antics around![Written by MAL Rewrite]Living an abnormal existence in Ogikubo, an intergalactic melting pot of humans and aliens as well as the only Space Immigration Zone on Earth, Luluco is a bubbly middle school girl who just wants to be normal. One morning, however, her father, who works at the Space Patrol, eats a volatile sleep capsule by mistake and is frozen solid! To make matters worse, Luluco accidentally breaks him, so she hurries off to his office for help. There, the chief of the Space Patrol, Over Justice, hires Luluco as a space temp worker for undercover investigations, so that the institution may crack down on crime within her school.Made to don the Space Patrol suit and sent on her way to mete out justice, Luluco attempts to maintain the image of a normal girl who does not stand out in any way. But she soon discovers that with the automatic systems and inherently zealous judiciousness of the Space Patrol suit, continuing to be normal will be more difficult than she thought.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Prequel film of UN-GO telling the encounter of Shinjuurou and Inga.The Eto Rangers ride in Space-Time Transmitting Machine Kirinda to repair the Novel Worlds of Mugen. The Eto Rangers themselves are anthropomorphic animals, each representing one of the 12 Chinese zodiac animals (and The Twelve Branches in Buddhism). In Japan they are known as the Eto animals. The Novel Worlds are stories created by the human imagination, such as old folk tales as well as newer books. These living worlds play out repeatedly, and are necessary for the good of humanity. Princess Aura rules Mugen, which is an island continent hanging over an ocean from the skybound Novel Pole. The Great God Goal gives her power, but she may never leave the small palace island area. Their nemesis is the forgotten Spirit of Cats, Nyanma (real name, Chocolat), who was excluded from the choice of 12 protectors by being disqualified from the race (in actual legend there are many versions of this story). She seeks her revenge by distorting Novel Worlds with Jarei Monsters.When a Jarei Monster goes to a Novel World they alter the story, turning it into a different version, sometimes a parody of itself. Bakumaru, the Spirit of Mice, must use the Genmakyou mirror to reveal ("Jarei Shouran!") the evil spirit once enough clues lead to its identity. Often the Eto Rangers must play out some of the story to find out who or what it is, sometimes even taking on the role of one of the characters in the tale. After defeating the creature, Kirinda is called when Bakumaru holds up his hand with one of Aura's 12 gems on it and calls out "Daikourin Kirinda!" Kirinda descends from a dimensional slit and purifies the evil spirit with a beam weapon, calling out "Jouka!" (Purification).(Source: Wikipedia)An internet-only stand-alone special episode of Katekyou Hitman Reborn! on the Shounen-Jump website, where the main characters go to various tourist spots in Japan. It will be made available on DVD in July 2010, and extra scenes will be included.Among the royal court, there is an individual feared as much as revered: the Raven Consort Ryuu Jusetsu. Residing in her jet-black palace and isolated from the emperor, she is the subject of countless rumors. Claimed to possess mystic abilities, she is said to take on any request—from finding lost items to inflicting curses. While some call her an immortal sage, others believe her to be a terrifying revenant. But such comments fail to faze Jusetsu, who prefers to spend her days in quiet solitude. That is, until the emperor, Ka Koushun, barges into her court and asks for her assistance with a mysterious case.The young emperor's request requires Jusetsu to step out of her palace for the first time. Despite Ka Koushun's frequent visits annoying her to no end, she cannot bring herself to turn him away. Her predecessor's teachings echo in her ears: the Raven Consort is destined to remain forever alone and never desire anything. Yet Jusetsu finds herself making the first of several bonds when she asks Jiujiu, an innocently inquisitive court girl, to be her sole attendant.Together, they begin fulfilling requests from the people of the palace. However, unknown perils lurk in the outside world, and drawing attention to herself may bring Jusetsu face-to-face with a past that is better left undisturbed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the 25th volume of Kuroko no Basket manga. The anime based on the Baka Ja Katenai no yo (バカじゃ勝てないのよ) story that was featured in the manga's fifth volume.(Source: ANN)Setsu Sawamura runs away from his small home village following the death of his grandfather, the legendary shamisen master Matsugorou Sawamura. On his deathbed, Matsugorou told Setsu to give up the shamisen if he was only going to imitate others instead of playing in his own way. Grieving, Setsu heads for Tokyo, hoping that the big city can inspire him to discover his own unique playing style. But Tokyo defies his expectations by drowning out all other sounds with the deafening noise of its city life. Concerned about her son, Setsu's rich and successful mother, Umeko, waltzes back into his life and forces him to enroll in Umezono Academy. At the school, he meets Shuri Maeda, a girl who is fascinated by the Tsugaru shamisen and wishes to perform a song her grandmother once heard a long time ago. Shuri starts up a shamisen appreciation club and convinces Setsu to teach the members how to play the instrument. As he becomes more involved with the club, will Setsu be able to recover his love for the shamisen and discover the unique sound he lacks?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the great city of Metropolis, severe community structures and prejudice dominate a world where humans and robots live together. Unrest and violence increase with each new day.Searching for the scientist Dr. Laughton, suspected to violate human rights by trading organs, the Japanese detective Shunsaku Ban and his nephew Kenichi arrive at Metropolis. In the scientist's laboratory, Kenichi discovers a girl without any memory of her past life. He decides to help her, so they run away together. His uncle follows him and penetrates the dark secrets of the city to find Duke Red, the man ruling from the shadows. Meanwhile, Kenichi desperately tries to protect the mysterious girl from the people hunting her. However, Duke Red and his adoptive son have their own deep reasons for chasing the girl. These reasons are connected to her true identity and the struggle for the domination of Metropolis...[Written by MAL Rewrite]A special unaired episode included in the 7th DVD/Blu-ray volume.For the first time since graduating high school, 30-year-old Moriko Morioka is unemployed—and she couldn't be happier. Having quit her long-standing job of over 11 years, Moriko quickly turns to online games to pass her now-plentiful free time, reinventing herself as the handsome and dashing male hero "Hayashi" in the MMO Fruits de Mer. With the pesky societal obligations of the real world out of the way, she blissfully dives headfirst into the realm of the game, where she promptly meets the kind and adorable healer Lily. Befriending each other almost instantly, the two become inseparable just as Moriko herself becomes more and more engrossed in her new "life" as Hayashi. Eventually, Moriko adopts the reclusive lifestyle in its entirety, venturing out from the safety of her apartment only when absolutely necessary.Meanwhile, unbeknownst to Moriko, a timid 28-year-old corporate worker named Yuuta Sakurai has also logged onto Fruits de Mer from the other side of town. Coincidentally bumping into each other at the convenience store one night, both write off their meeting as no more than just another awkward encounter with a stranger—however, fate has more in store for them than they think.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Who cares about what happened in Japan's past? It has nothing to do with my life."With these words, carefree high school student Saburou finds himself unceremoniously thrown back in time to the Sengoku Era, landing directly in front of the legendary general Nobunaga Oda. Nobunaga, on the run from his retainers and wishing to rest due to his frailty, beseeches Saburou to take his place, as the two bear an uncanny resemblance. Although Saburou is still confused by his surroundings, Nobunaga hurriedly provides the boy with the necessary items to prove that he is the bona fide feudal lord and makes a hasty getaway.Now a stand-in for someone he doesn't even know all that much about—though his modern experiences and knowledge are sure to help him—Saburou begins his unexpected quest to pose as the man who attempted to unite all of Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mikoto Shinozaki is a high school student lacking in social awareness. In addition, due to his untidy appearance and low self-esteem, he is an easy target for bullies. Regardless, any misfortune that falls upon Mikoto is partly his own fault—at least, that is what Yuki Fukuzawa, the most popular girl in class, believes. With this assumption, Yuki invites Mikoto to join the school's bicycle club, in hopes he can improve himself and gain new friends. Motivated by feelings he has for Yuki, Mikoto has no reason to decline her offer—except for the fact that he does not know how to ride a bicycle.Despite his lack of even the fundamentals, Mikoto cannot get over the image of himself on a bicycle. Eventually, he succumbs to his curiosity and sneaks into the school grounds at night to practice. This begins Mikoto's journey as he pedals his way through the vast world of cycling, where the scenery of his life changes in ways he never thought possible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since he published a picture that sparked a wave of online harassment, freelance photographer Kouya Madoka has lost everything: his wife Saeko Yukihira, his confidence, and his courage to photograph people. However, years later, a job offer introduces him to the exhilarating world of Formula 4 (F4). A single fierce battle between the amateur drivers in the junior category of open-wheel car racing becomes enough to make Madoka unable to put his camera down.When Komaki Motors' Haruka Asahina bursts into tears on the track, Madoka manages to capture this vulnerable moment. This photo eventually leads Madoka to an impulsive decision: he will help sponsor both the Komaki team and Haruka himself. But the unreasonable costs of the sport quickly cause Madoka to reassess his ambitions, and he seeks different ways to support the severely underfunded F4 team. Despite the uphill battle, Madoka's determination for Haruka to succeed may be the trigger that can propel the young driver straight to the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the stroke of midnight, the Dark Hour appears—a secret hour which most are unaware of. Those not trapped in coffins during this time, unfortunate enough to find themselves conscious, are met by dangerous creatures known as Shadows. A select few, however, possess the potential to wield Persona: a special power used to defeat these beings. This secret group is called SEES (Specialized Extracurricular Execution Squad), and their mission is to uncover the reason behind the Dark Hour's appearance.Only a short while after transfer student Makoto Yuuki begins his residency at Iwatodai Dorm, his Persona awakens after an attack by a strong Shadow. Now recruited into the ranks of SEES, he begins fighting alongside his comrades, as only they can protect humanity from Shadows and prevent the anomaly that is the Dark Hour.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Anita King, Maggie Mui, and Michelle Cheung are the Paper Sisters. They run the Three Sisters Detective Agency in Hong Kong which is dedicated to solving cases involving books. They are hired as local guides for Nenene Sumiregawa, a Japanese novelist who has been struggling with writer's block following the disappearance of her longtime friend, Yomiko Readman. The sisters are all Paper Masters—individuals with the power to control paper—and with their abilities, they save Nenene from the dangerous terrorists targeting her at a book signing. But in case they strike again, the sisters remain as her bodyguards to protect her from further harm.This is a dream come true for bookworms Maggie and Michelle who love Nenene's stories, but the young Anita cannot stand books despite her powers over paper. The three struggle to adapt to their new daily life in Japan, guarding Nenene while continuing their detective work under a mysterious organization, Dokusensha. However, the more they get to know Nenene, the more they discover the link between her, the disappearance of her friend Yomiko, and the mysterious books Dokusensha sends the Paper Masters to investigate. What began as a simple job ends up a bigger case than they have ever had before. Are these girls really willing to risk their lives over literature?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A manner movie shown before Re:Zero kara Hajimeru Isekai Seikatsu - Hyouketsu no Kizuna.The semifinal round of the Inter-High Mahjong Championship is still in full swing. After witnessing the extraordinary might of the champion Teru Miyanaga of Shiraitodai High School, the girls of Achiga High School are left bewildered. However, even if the odds are against them, it's not too late yet—the game has just begun.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since the death of his wife, Kouhei Inuzuka has been caring for his young daughter Tsumugi to the best of his abilities. However, with his lack of culinary knowledge and his busy job as a teacher, he is left relying on ready-made meals from convenience stores to feed the little girl. Frustrated at his own incapability to provide a fresh, nutritious meal for his daughter, Kouhei takes up an offer from his student, Kotori Iida, to come have dinner at her family's restaurant. But on their very first visit, the father and daughter discover that the restaurant is often closed due to Kotori's mother being away for work and that Kotori often eats alone. After much pleading from his pupil, Kouhei decides to continue to go to the restaurant with Tsumugi to cook and share delicious homemade food with Kotori.Amaama to Inazuma follows the heartwarming story of a caring father trying his hardest to make his adorable little daughter happy, while exploring the meanings and values behind cooking, family, and the warm meals at home that are often taken for granted.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryo Saeba (aka the City Hunter), is a private detective in the city of Tokyo. Together with sidekick Kaori Makimura, Ryo is hired by actress Emi Makaze to find her long lost brother. The woman's brother turns out to be "The Professor", a dillusional ex-soldier who's planing to destroy the Shinjuku district of Tokyo. Kaori is assigned to guard Emi, but they both get caught up in the Professor's scheme. The City Hunter must save them, without allowing downtown Tokyo to be destroyed. (Source: ANN)High school biology teacher Tetsuo Takahashi may look like your average everyday instructor, but beneath his gentle appearance lies something less ordinary: his fascination for the "Ajin," more commonly known as "Demi." Although these half-human, half-monster beings have integrated into human society, Takahashi believes that much about them will remain unknown unless he interacts with them firsthand.Demi-chan wa Kataritai follows Takahashi's daily life in Shibasaki High School together with his three Demi students—Hikari Takanashi, an energetic vampire; Kyouko Machi, a gentle dullahan; and Yuki Kusakabe, the shy snow woman. Along the way, Takahashi also meets fellow teacher Sakie Satou, a succubus with an aversion towards men. To fulfill his goal of learning more about the Demi, Takahashi decides to conduct casual interviews with the girls to learn more about their abilities, psyche, and interaction with human society. As Takahashi strengthens his bond with his students, he soon discovers that the Demi are not as unusual as he initially believed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episode about Trunks going back to the future and fighting the Androids. Also known as episode 98 of Dragon Ball Kai.Despite the Ends’ attack on Verlina being successfully repelled, the war has not yet ended. With the monster armies regrouping, the Black King tightens his grasp on the already conquered territory. New conflicts erupt all across Orte, as its remaining forces struggle to retain control over long-oppressed demi-human races.While Ends grow more potent each day, Toyohisa Shimazu remains unconscious after heavy injuries suffered during the Battle of Verlina. Facing enemies on every side, humanity’s fate is still on a knife's edge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An adventurous wild mouse called Gamba travels with his friends to see the ocean but he finds an injured mouse and hears about the violence of white ferret Noroi. Gamba decides to help the mice suffering under Noroi's tyranny.AD. 2058, on Clayad, the 3rd planet of the Ypserlon system, 43 light years from Earth; aliens suddenly raid the planet. The residents of Clayad must escape the planet. In the confusion of the escape, the children are separated from their parents and board the training spaceship Janous. After many sacrifices, they manage to arrive at the 4th planet, Belwick. However, Belwick is already at war, so the 13 children continue towards Earth on their own.(Source: AnimeNfo, edited)"Senshadou" is a traditional sport using World War II era tanks in elimination-based matches. Widely practiced by women and girls alike, it's advertised as a form of art geared towards making ladies more prominent in culture and appealing to men. Becoming a worldwide phenomenon over time, the influence of senshadou leads to the creation of a world championship which will soon be held in Japan.Miho Nishizumi, who comes from a lineage of well-respected senshadou specialists, is at odds with the sport after a traumatic event led to her retirement and eventually a rift to form between her and her family. To steer clear of the practice as much as possible, she transfers to Ooarai Girls Academy where the senshadou program has been abolished. However, with the news of the upcoming championships, the school revives their tankery program, and Miho is pushed into joining.Now, with the aid of some new friends, she must overcome her past and once again take command of a squadron of tanks in an effort to save her school from closure, all while proving to her family that the Nishizumi-style of senshadou is not solely about victory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Golgo 13 is not his real name. Then again, neither is Duke Togo, Tadashi Togo, or any number of the aliases he goes by. A man of mystery, not even the world's most prominent intelligence agencies can determine who Golgo really is, or just where he came from. But all agree that his skills are nothing short of legendary.Armed with a custom M16, Golgo is willing to take any job for any agency, from the FBI to the KGB. He has completed every contract he has ever taken and will work for anyone who can meet his price. He is both the greatest weapon and the greatest threat to any nation; no one is safe once they are in Golgo’s sights.The OVA episode revisits the primary matches from the spring tournament and features interviews with players.(Source: MAL News)This is the second series of Lady Lady. Every year at Lynn's school, an honorable “Lady Quest” is given to the most sophisticated lady. Lynn strives to receive this honor.(Source: Toei Animation)Sequel of the Hidamari Sketch TV series.Unaired episode released with the seventh volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. It consists of three short episodes newly written by the manga author Fujiwara Cocoa. Fujiwara also designed a new character called Hana-chan for the episode.After getting permission to show their film at the cultural festival, the Pastime Club fervently discusses what they plan to wear for the big event. The conversation soon takes to the next level, and the three girls begin to put their costume ideas to the test.The Film Studies Club decides to write letters to their future selves in 15 years on the Macintosh computer donated by Chisato Higuchi's father. Despite setting ambitious goals and promises, reality turns out different than they expected.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Bai Yao Pu.Infamous among those who gamble on golf games, Eve uses her exceptional skill in the sport to earn a living—by betting and winning against various opponents. Known as the "Rainbow Bullet," she vows to beat her foes and conquer the world of underground golf using only three clubs. However, the universe where Eve knows no defeat is shaken after she plays a clean game with Aoi Amawashi, a golfing prodigy that came to the country of Nafrece to enter a golf tournament. Armed with talent and born into the perfect environment for golf, Aoi the "Innocent Tyrant" calmly crushes her enemies with a bright smile on her face.After their game-changing match, Eve and Aoi become intrigued with each other and promise to battle again someday. As Eve's aggressive and risk-taking approach challenges the elite and steady playstyle of Aoi, the two geniuses may just manage to bring golf to unexpected heights.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In spite of the mayhem that has been taking place in Ikebukuro, Shinra Kishitani and Celty Sturluson have decided to go on a short trip. Excited to finally be going out with the one he loves, the underground doctor makes it his priority to give Celty his undivided attention, even if it means rejecting phone calls from his good friend Izaya Orihara.However, despite his hopes of having a peaceful holiday, Ikebukuro's various residents continue trying to reach him. Furthermore, just as Shinra begins to enjoy reminiscing about old memories on a carriage ride together with his beloved, Celty starts to notice a strange presence...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Daisuke Kanbe, a man of extraordinary wealth, is assigned to the Modern Crime Prevention Headquarters as a detective. It is there that he gets partnered with Haru Katou, a humane detective who values justice above all. The two are polar opposites, and their morals clash time and time again. Haru despises Daisuke for using monetary wealth to solve cases, as he believes that money isn't everything. The two will have to combine their efforts, however, to solve the mysteries that are coming their way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the hollow Mysterious Planet, seven kingdoms co-exist, all of them lit by the Sun's Blessing from the Kingdom of the Sun, in the middle of the planet. The light of the core sun is necessary for the continued existence of all the kingdoms. Yet, something is causing the Sun's Blessing to weaken. If something isn't done, it will be the end of life in the Mysterious Planet. Fortunately, the twin princesses of the Sun Kingdom, Fine and Rein, have been endowed with the magic of the Prominence, and are looking for a way to fix things. (Source: ANN) Galar is a region where Pokemon battles have developed into a cultural sensation. Over the span of seven episodes, Pokemon: Twilight Wings will show in detail the dreams of Galar's residents, the realities they face, the challenges they must overcome and the conflicts they must resolve. In addition to these new stories, fans can expect to see a variety of Pokemon originally discovered in the Galar region appearing in the capsule series. (Source: Press Release)Due to poor lifestyle choices, a certain human's body is in constant turmoil. With germs, bacteria, and foreign substances abound, the jobs of various cells become increasingly difficult and dangerous. As some of the unfortunate ones who matured in this chaotic environment, Sekkekkyuu AA2153 and Hakkekkyuu U-1196 strive to fulfill their duties—even if it means seeing many of their fellow cells lose their lives in duty.Set in an environment vastly different from its parent story, Hataraku Saibou Black portrays the cells' struggles as they try to maintain the body's health. However, the human's condition continues to deteriorate, and whether or not these efforts will amount to something concrete depends on the cells![Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite the kaleidoscopic magic ingrained in everyday life, Hitomi Tsukishiro's monochrome world is deprived of emotion and feeling. On a night as black and white as any other, amidst the fireworks spreading across the sky, Hitomi's grandmother Kohaku conjures a spell, for which she has been harnessing the moon's light for 60 years, to send Hitomi back in time to the year 2018 when Kohaku was in high school.Hitomi's mission seems unclear, but her grandmother assures her that she will know when she gets there. Following a trip through time aboard a train driven by a strange yellow creature, Hitomi finds herself in stoic artist Yuito Aoi's room, and his drawings flood her world with color. What is Hitomi's purpose there, and why do Yuito's drawings return such breathtaking color to her drab world?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixteen-year-old Yuuki Hase finally finds the courage to speak to his crush and ask her if she wants to become friends. The object of his affection, Kaori Fujimiya, is a quiet and reserved girl who cuts herself off from everyone and does not spare him the same blunt rejection she gives everybody else.Some time after, Yuuki finds her eating lunch on the roof where she secludes herself during break. He decides to start meeting with Kaori every day in the hopes of beginning to understand her better. The more time they spend together, the more she begins to open up to him. However, nearing the end of the week, she starts to push him away once more. It is then revealed to him the reason for Kaori's cold front: at the end of the week, her memories of those close to her, excluding her family, are forgotten, as they are reset every Monday. The result of an accident in middle school, the once popular and kind Kaori is now unable to make friends in fear of hurting the people dear to her.Determined to become more than just one week friends, Yuuki asks her the exact same question each Monday: "Would you like to be friends?" Because he knows that deep down, Kaori wishes for that more than anything.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an enthusiastic invitation from her friend, Kaede Honjou reluctantly agrees to try New World Online: a very popular VRMMO played by thousands of people across Japan. Naming her in-game character Maple, she sets out on her journey. As a complete novice to such games, she allocates all of her stat points into vitality, desiring to not get hurt. With not a single point in any other stat, Maple has extraordinarily high defense, but she can't move quickly or hit hard.This does not end badly for her, however. Due to her high defense, Maple acquires overpowered skills such as Total Defense, Poison Immunity, and Devour. These skills, along with the incredibly powerful items she obtains, allow her to obliterate most enemies in a single hit. After only a few days of playing the game, Maple claims third place in a server-wide event, gaining a reputation as a player who is both unkillable and absurdly powerful.Despite her overpowered character, Kaede has much to learn. As she progresses through the game, she meets new friends and acquaintances, helping her complete new levels and events. Through all of her adventures, she may even pick up some other crazy skills that exceed all expectations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Jewel Land, Jewelpets, creatures who has the natural ability to use magic lived in harmony with the Witches, attending the School of Witchcraft and Wizardry to learn to use magic with their Jewel Eyes. However for Ruby, a white Japanese Hare whose magic sometimes fail, is appointed to go to the Human World to search for her partner. But when she used the card the magicians gave her, she was sent to the Human World by accident. In the Human World, A girl named Akari Sakura met her on the beach on her way to school. At first, Akari can't understand her due to her Jewel Land Language until Ruby took a special candy so she could speak and understand human language. As the day passes, Ruby knew about her problems and later apologized. A Jewel Charm appeared on Akari's hand and she realized it that she's chosen by Ruby to be her partner. After that, she decided to enter the Jewel Star Grand Prix, on the prize is that any wish that they wanted will be granted. Will she be the Next Jewel Star and her wish be granted in the end? Or It'll just end in one big disaster...(Source: Wikipedia) Akane Nishimura's quiet nature makes her classmates perceive her as a gloomy and unlikeable person. Combined with her intimidating gaze, it earns Akane the ominous nickname "Grim Reaper," condemning her to endless bullying for her supposed cursed powers that bring misfortune to everyone around her.However, none of these rumors deter transfer student Taiyou Takada from trying to befriend Akane. As someone who finds the supernatural fascinating, Taiyou approaches the Grim Reaper without hesitation, blissfully unaware of the complicated situation within the class. His bright personality and optimistic worldview may just bring about the change that Akane desperately needs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After leaving her idol career behind, Fuuka Miyazawa finds herself on a spontaneous flight to Okinawa instead of returning home to her pity party in Morioka. Bearing a heavy heart and nowhere to go, she aimlessly wanders around the area until she stumbles upon Gama Gama Aquarium—an aging aquarium on the verge of closing down.With a lack of visitors and costly but necessary repairs needed to keep its doors open, the director is faced with shutting down the establishment for good by the end of the summer. The director's aquatic life-loving granddaughter—Kukuru Misakino—cannot stand the thought of the aquarium closing and is determined to make enough money by the end of the season to keep the doors open.Seeing the unique magic of the aquarium, Fuuka begs Kukuru for a job; however, she soon finds that her lack of experience makes her more of a hindrance than anything else. At the same time, Kukuru realizes that her ambitious goal might be more than she can handle. With mounting pressure from all around them, will Kukuru and Fuuka be able to save the one place they hold close to their hearts?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Set during the Inter High Championships, Shohoku take on Tsukubu, one of this year's dark horses. It's a clash of acquaintances as Anzai will face his former student which is now the coach of Tsukubu, while Akagi & Kogure meet Godai their former classmate and Tsukubu's captain. Finally Sakuragi is irked by the presence of Nango, Tsukubu's center, who vies for Haruko's attention.(Source: ANN)The series starts when Hayato, a soccer enthusiast, and his girlfriend Yumi, an aspiring musician, went to a visit to Dr. Leonard's lab. They accidentally activated the Tondekeman, a funny talking kettle who transported them many centuries in the past. In Baghdad, Hayato and Yumi gets reunited but they got separated from Tondekeman. They meet Aladdin, Prince Dandarn and Princess Shalala. They also meet the cunning Abdullah who is always ready to kidnap the princess so that he could marry the princess to his master. Our heroes get to go to different places and times and meet several historical and literary figures as they follow Abdullah as he escapes through time to abduct the princess. Hayato and Yumi are stuck in the past until they get Tondekeman from the possession of Abdullah. (Source: Wikipedia)A scan of Jump SQ's September issue, to be released on August 4, revealed that the fifteenth volume of To LOVE-Ru Darkness will bundle a new OVA, which will be released on January 4. Consisting of two episodes, the OVA will run for a total of 25 minutes. One episode, titled Ghost Story Kowai no wa Ikaga (How about something scary?), will adapt a side-story from volume nine. The second episode, titled Clinic Sunao ni Narenakute (Without becoming obedient), will adapt chapter 38.(Source: MAL News)As tensions between the world of magic and Academy City continues to rise, Touma Kamijou and his hand of negation must face off against both esper and magician in order to protect the lives of those around him. Of course, he is not alone in his fight; whether by his side or out of sight, allies and enemies both old and new will enter the fray to help him.Toaru Majutsu no Index II continues the story of action and comedy, as the scale of Touma and his allies' battle grows ever larger. A conflict is slowly brewing on the horizon, and magic and science will cross paths once again in the war to come.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hamburgers that grow out of the ground like four-leaf clovers, mountain ranges carved out of ice cream, and warm servings of mac and cheese that stew deep within the stomachs of volcanoes fill the landscape. This world of delectable natural wonders has reached a prime age of exploration—the Gourmet Age! Citizens and chefs alike aspire to taste and prepare the finest dishes, while adventurers called "Gourmet Hunters" seek out delicious rare ingredients.Possessing a unique set of skills, the wild and passionate Gourmet Hunter Toriko is infamous for discovering 2% of all known ingredients. Together with his friend Komatsu—a highly skilled chef working at a five-star hotel—Toriko strives to complete his Full Course Menu of Life. But it isn’t going to be easy; in order to obtain the most delicious ingredients, Toriko must battle against obstacles like deadly monsters, evil organizations, and food itself!  [Written by MAL Rewrite]The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.Sakura and Syaoran live peaceful lives in the desert country of Clow. Despite the King's disapproval of the budding romance between the princess and her archeologist friend, their days remain blissful if not a little dull. But that soon changes when Sakura appears in front of Syaoran in a trance with wings on her back. When the wings dissolve into feathers and Sakura loses consciousness, Syaoran is spurred to action.Syaoran soon learns that he must collect Sakura's feathers, which have been scattered across many different realms, in order to protect her life. After making a deal with the Dimensional Witch Yuuko Ichihara, Syaoran teams up with Mokona Modoki, a creature who has the power to traverse realms. Also accompanying him on this journey are Fai D. Flourite, a carefree man fleeing persecution in his home world, and Kurogane, a swordsman forced to travel to refine his strength and character. Together, the bizarre alliance works to reclaim Sakura's feathers—no matter how impossible it seems to find them all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the events of Mask of Deception, the Yamato Empire is now ruled with an iron fist by a ruthless usurper who seeks to subjugate all before him. It's up to a couple of familiar faces to band together against the might of the Imperial army, and the fate of the world hangs in the balance as nations and generals must pick a side to fight with in this perilous civil war. Secrets will be revealed, friendships will be tested, and battles will be fought. Will peace and order be restored or will victory at any cost be the beginning of the end? (Source: Atlus)Voy@ger is conceptual movie produced in commemoration of the 16th anniversary of the iDOLM@STER franchise. It features an image song of the same name, gathering 15 different idols from 5 different sub-franchises.(Source: ANN)After reluctantly being dragged to a festival at her parents' rural hometown, Oriko "Okko" Seki must face her sudden harsh reality: the death of both of her parents in a car accident shortly after they arrive. Now, Okko must live at her grandmother's traditional hot springs inn, which she is surprised to find is occupied by the ghost of a barefoot child. He encourages Okko to follow in her grandmother's footsteps and prepare to inherit the inn.Initially, Okko struggles to keep up with the responsibilities of the inn and the accommodation of guests. However, her parents told her that an inn is welcoming for everyone, and she strives to honor their memory. After discovering a few other spirits around the village, Okko learns that even though her parents are gone, she does not have to be lonely.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following Gutsy Galaxy Guard's victory over the Zonder Empire and the 31 Primevals, a new threat makes their appearance on Earth. GGG - with Guy Shishio and the newly-constructed GaoFighGar - team up with their French counterpart Chasseur to battle the evil organization BioNet. Among Chasseur's ranks is Renais Cardiff Shishioh - a former BioNet cyborg with the relentless pursuit of destroying those who took away her humanity. But as GGG and Chasseur fight the BioNet, GGG's bases around the world are suddenly attacked, and the recently-discovered "Q-Parts" and the original Gao Machines are stolen by Mamoru Amami, who has been abducted and cloned by an even greater threat known as the "Eleven Kings of Sol." Evicted from Earth by the United Nations, GGG must now travel to the far reaches of the galaxy to battle the Eleven Kings of Sol and save Mamoru before it's too late.(Source: ANN)Joining Mano and Nakai on their trip to the water park are classmates Nishikata and Takagi. However, before they can decide on what to do first, Nakai runs off with Nishikata, leaving his saddened girlfriend behind with Takagi. Mano explains that Nakai promised to ride down the water slide with her—which is rumored to make tandem riders fall in love. Unsurprisingly, Takagi devises a plan to regroup the couple in a way that also permits her to spend time teasing Nishikata.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The episode is set during a school festival where Shinobu is assigned to write a script and make outfits for her class play. Youko and Alice notice that Shinobu is sleepy every morning and are worried that she might be getting tired of all the work. Will Shinobu be able to successfully complete all her tasks in time?(Source: MAL News)Earl Ciel Phantomhive's Funtom Corporation is sponsoring a charity performance of Hamlet to be shown to a group of poor children as a celebration of its third anniversary. However, when the theater company hired for the stage play is suddenly delayed and won't make it in time for the scheduled performance, the company is faced with a dilemma. With the promise of plenty of press coverage, Ciel must find a way to rectify the situation and commands his butler, Sebastian Michaelis, to ensure the success of the play.But with a haphazard ensemble of amateur actors—including Ciel, his fiancée Elizabeth Midford, his servants, and many others—how can they possibly put on the show in time?[Written by MAL Rewrite]When a crafty toy company "Wiz" also known in this show as Dark Wiz Company, finds crystals with the faint DNA of monsters known as "Legendz" are found and made into a battle game.A young boy named Shu receives one these crystals known as "soul figures" from his father after a baseball game. Legendz rapidly became popular and more and more children played it. Wiz employeys start to track down Shu for his special soul figure, for his soul figure can revive real legendz not just the little kiddy digital images! How will Shu fight his way to victory and claim this soul figure as his own?(Source: TV.com) Little time has passed since the Magic Knights’ final confrontation with Princess Emeraude’s "Mashin." Still haunted by the princess’ death, Hikaru Shidou returns to Tokyo Tower. There, she meets her friends Umi Ryuuzaki and Fuu Hououji for the first time since their spontaneous quest to save Cephiro. Plagued by nightmares of the realm she had left behind, Hikaru is relieved to find that her companions too want to return and serve the kingdom they once so dutifully protected.The Magic Knights’ wish is answered, for at the top of Tokyo Tower, the three are blinded by the same great light they had seen on the day they first met. Once more on the back of a flying fish, the group returns to Cephiro—a world now desolate and in ruins. With the collapse of the Pillar's power, monsters freely roam the land while three nations seek to annex Cephiro with hopes of seizing the Pillar for themselves. Complicating things further is the mysterious Lady Debonair, who proclaims herself to be the rightful heir of the fallen country.Now confronting graver stakes and radically different enemies, the three Magic Knights set forth once more to save Cephiro and bring peace. With the bonds they have forged together, the trio stands united in the face of such a great challenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The 11-year-old Marui triplets could not be any more different. The oldest one, Mitsuba, is sadistic and kind of mature for her age. The middle one, Futaba, is perverted and very athletic and has the strength of a full-grown man. The youngest one, Hitoha, is generally very quiet and gentle but when push comes to shove, she might just be the strongest, the most perverted and the most sadistic out of the three.The three are all in the same class, led by the newly graduated teacher Yabe Satoshi. He usually gets pushed around by the girls and, on occasion, abused but the triplets also try to lead him and the new school nurse, the clumsy Kuriyama Aiko, together. However, Yabe had no intention of dating Aiko and the methods the triplets use to accomplish their goal are highly unorthodox...In the immediate aftermath of the mana calamity, Sylphiette finds herself teleported to the heart of the Asura Kingdom: the royal palace. Her sudden appearance accidentally saves the life of second princess Ariel Anemoi Asura, who has her sights set on becoming the ruler of the realm. Witnessing Sylphiette's talent with combat magic firsthand, Ariel recruits her as her bodyguard and right-hand woman, commencing their journey to power—which proves far more treacherous than first imagined.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Luffy and crew arrive at the harbour of Anabaru. The local casino is holding a competition in which the winner will obtain a huge monetary reward if he reaches the finishing line first. Nami is elated and decides to participate in the competition. However, there is a conspiracy going behind the competition and the mastermind is an ex-military commander, Gasparde. His plan is to lure all the pirates to the military base and send them to their deaths. Luffy and gang have to overcome the numerous tests and tribulations along the way to complete this dead-end adventure.(Source: ANN)In the wake of defeating Boros and his mighty army, Saitama has returned to his unremarkable everyday life in Z-City. However, unbeknownst to him, the number of monsters appearing is still continuously on the rise, putting a strain on the Hero Association's resources. Their top executives decide on the bold move of recruiting hoodlums in order to help in their battle. But during the first meeting with these potential newcomers, a mysterious man calling himself Garou makes his appearance. Claiming to be a monster, he starts mercilessly attacking the crowd.The mysterious Garou continues his rampage against the Hero Association, crushing every hero he encounters. He turns out to be the legendary martial artist Silverfang's best former disciple and seems driven by unknown motives. Regardless, this beast of a man seems unstoppable. Intrigued by this puzzling new foe and with an insatiable thirst for money, Saitama decides to seize the opportunity and joins the interesting martial arts competition.As the tournament commences and Garou continues his rampage, a new great menace reveals itself, threatening the entire human world. Could this finally be the earth-shattering catastrophe predicted by the great seer Madame Shibabawa?[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school girl duo Popuko and Pipimi are back and more unhinged than ever after their initial efforts to create a full-fledged anime production were met with a great reception. With no regard for their audience, they continue to live their reckless everyday lives consisting of comedy skits and parodies of epic proportions. No one is immune to the effects of their antics—including hapless live actor Shouta Aoi, who is on the run and stuck trying to be a hero in the wrong series.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When, after her sudden death, Rinko Hanasaki is reborn as Raeliana McMillan, she is not sure whether to curse her luck. Raeliana was a minor character in a novel Rinko read, and as the eldest daughter of a nouveau-riche baron, she led a carefree life until her unfortunate demise at the hands of her fiancé, Lord Francis Brooks. To avoid her destined fate, Raeliana is determined to end her engagement with Francis.However, when Francis refuses to break things off, Raeliana decides to seek help from someone of higher standing and approaches Duke Noah Wynknight—the novel's male protagonist. Using her knowledge of the plot, Raeliana captures the duke's interest by proposing a deal: she will not expose his secrets if Noah agrees to act as her fiancé. Little does she know that getting involved with a duke who only shows his true colors around her may lead to more than she bargained for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kouichi Uehara is a fourth grade student living in the suburb of Tokyo. One day, he picks up a large stone which turns out to be a fossil of a baby "Kappa" who has been sleeping underground for the past 300 years, and names it "Coo." They become good friends and Coo starts living with Kouichi's family. However, Coo has a hard time adjusting to life among humans and misses his kind.Momona is an ordinary junior-high school student hailing from Jewel Land. At her cousin's wedding, she envies the bride, Lady Diana, due to the fact that she is marrying the cousin who she had a slight crush on. However, once she sees Lady Diana and her cousin together, Momona begins to like her, and accepts her as her cousin's bride. Just as Lady Diana is about to properly meet her and introduce herself, Momona is transported to a snowy place in Jewel Land where the ruler, Lady Jewel, is giving a speech to the Petit Ladies, girls who are chosen as Jewel Candidates to be the next Lady Jewel. Momona meets her partner and mentor, Ruby, a white rabbit, who will guide her through the tasks in becoming Lady Jewel. Whoever passes the most tasks wins and becomes the next Lady Jewel, but standing in her way is Lillian, a girl who also aims to win the title of Lady Jewel, so she can choose her brother, Cayenne, to be her King alongside her. Momona soon also begins to fall in love with Cayenne, yet Lillian doesn't want her to get too close to him. Cayenne also seems to harbor feelings for Momona, but who will be chosen in the end as Lady Jewel to decide it all? And will Momona and Lillian ever become true friends and will Cayenne and Momona ever be together?(Source: Wikipedia)Rishe Irmgard Weitzner finds herself in a familiar situation: her fiancé is publicly breaking off their engagement, and her ducal family is about to disown her in shame. However, Rishe is not distraught; she has already had six chances to rebuild her life and chase a different passion each time. But she would always get swept up in a war and die, so now she wishes for her seventh reincarnation to be easygoing and uneventful.What Rishe does not take into account is the presence of Arnold Hein, the crown prince of the Galkhein Kingdom. He is destined to usurp the throne and become a tyrant who starts a large-scale invasion of neighboring countries. To make their encounter worse, Arnold is the one who killed Rishe in her previous life. That is why it is all the more shocking when he proposes to Rishe on the spot. In pursuit of her desired life, Rishe must consider accepting Arnold's proposal and discover the reasons behind his brutal actions to stop the war from ever happening.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A letter is delivered to Lord El-Melloi II informing him of a Clock Tower reunion. One morning, as the reunion's date draws near, Lord El-Melloi II takes a look in the mirror and reels in shock. He is suddenly a full decade younger! Lord El-Melloi II has become Waver Velvet, his former self! Believing himself to be in the grip of a powerful, magically induced delusion, Lord El-Melloi II immediately begins investigating how this could have happened. On the day of the reunion, he makes his way to the gathering of his contemporaries, planning to confront whoever transformed his body and hoping to reveal their intentions. However, when Touko Aozaki arrives, things take a sudden turn...(Source: Crunchyroll)Taking place one year before the Zentraedi arrive on Earth, Macross Zero chronicles the final days of the war between the U.N. Spacy and anti-U.N. factions. After being shot down by the anti-U.N.'s newest fighter plane, ace pilot Shin Kudo finds himself on the remote island of Mayan, where technology is almost non-existent. While Shin stays on the island to heal his wounds, the tranqulity of the island is shattered by a battle that involves the UN's newest fighter - the VF-0. (Source: ANN)In a post-apocalyptic world overrun by alien-crafted "Machine Lifeforms," humanity is preparing for its last stand. Forced to retreat to the Moon for safety, humans are pinning their hopes on a group of man-made androids known as YoRHa soldiers. Led by the all-purpose battle android YoRHa 2-gou B-gata "2B," the group will fight to take control of the Earth back from its invaders.As war against the machines rages on, the YoRHa slowly begin to see the first shards of truth underlying the brutal conflict. Facing the harsh reality before her, the unwavering warrior 2B starts to question her very existence and just how much she must sacrifice for the sake of humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eva's birthday has just passed, and she hasn't heard from her father. Despising the Boarding School she attends, she escapes using her Rocket Bike that she just completed. Taking on the alias "Molly," Eva sneaks with the Earth team to Alwas for the Great Race because the winner of the race gets any one wish granted. Little does the Earth Team know what danger awaits them...When a young boy named Tooichi stumbles upon an old lamp in his grandfather's shed, he mistakes it for a toy and takes it outside to play. When his grandfather discovers this, he reprimands the boy and begins recounting the story behind the artifact—of how a small, traditional Japanese town became Westernized. In his youth, Tooichi's grandfather, Minosuke, made a living by doing errands and chores for the townspeople. After one errand takes him to a nearby town, he witnesses Western lamps—a technology unfamiliar to him—light up the streets, igniting a spark in the young boy. From that moment on, lamps became Minosuke's passion and profession, changing his and the townspeople's lives forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Serial murders have recently plagued Inaba, with the police struggling to find any leads. Despite this, due to his parents going abroad for work, Yuu Narukami moves to the small town to live with his uncle for a year. He enrolls at Yasogami High School, where he meets and befriends Yousuke Hanamura, Chie Satonaka, and Yukiko Amagi.While hanging out together after school, the group fills Yuu in on the urban legend known as the "Midnight Channel"—a mysterious TV channel that only appears at midnight on rainy days while the viewer is alone. Curious about the claim, Yuu decides to tune in that night, only to see the next victim of the serial murders appear on the screen instead. He also finds himself being drawn into the TV, which intrigues his newfound friends enough to want to investigate.Yuu ends up falling into the world within the TV, which is blanketed by a thick fog and swarming with hostile creatures known as "Shadows." Realizing that this world is somehow connected to the murders, the Investigation Team forms with the goal of uncovering the mystery behind the incidents.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Subaru Natsuki finally gets to take a breather, but he does not waste any time as he prepares for a date with his beloved Emilia. He scouts the nearby village for the right dating spot, and with the help of the village children, he finds a wonderful location. With that, he is well prepared for his date! Unfortunately for Subaru, cold weather suddenly sweeps across Roswaal's mansion on his important day, leaving him with no choice but to postpone the date. Overnight, it becomes even colder and unbearable. Subaru must get to the bottom of this because, at this rate, his date will be the least of his worries.(Source: Apple TV)Yuji disappeared the fateful night he was supposed to choose between a life combating evil by Shana's side or as a normal teenager. He returns from near-death to lead the Crimson Denizens in a dubious plot to bring peace to the universe, but Shana isn't fooled. In an explosive reunion, the fiery warrior faces her unlikeliest of foes while Flame Hazes from across the world join forces to ignite a war that will determine the fate of all supernatural kind.(Source: FUNimation)Due to the recent events that happened on the last episodes of the season, the Goddess have some stability problems with their body systems. The always adult looking Urd becomes a little girl and has a fateful encounter with a boy, whereas little Skuld becomes an adult and wants to experiment adulthood together with Keiichi.Based on a manga by Kurakane Shousuke serialised in the Shoujo magazine.Anmitsu is a tomboy princess living happily at the Amakara Castle. Our story begins when she turns ten years old and gets a home tutor Castella from the Pudding Kingdom as a present from her parents. But they were very wrong when they thought that Anmitsu will finally start studying seriously, because she will frequently escape from the castle looking for some fun, and in the process she will learn a lot about the outside world, make numerous friends and cause endless trouble for the inhabitants of the castle who are supposed to take care of her.Fumizuki Academy isn't a typical Japanese high school. This unique institution has implemented a new and innovative system to sort its students. At the end of their freshman year, students take a test that divides up the student body. The highest scorers are placed into A class, all the way down until F class, for the lowest of the low.Unfortunately for Akihisa Yoshii, his supposedly "great" intellect wasn't quite enough for such a test, and he's now stuck at the bottom of F class. Naturally, F class has the worst facilities: not only rotten tatami mats and broken tables, but also outdated equipment and worn out furniture. On the bright side, his friend Yuuji Sakamoto is in the same class, and to everyone's surprise, the genius girl Mizuki Himeji has also ended up in the same class due to an unforeseen fever on the day of the test.Unsatisfied with their perquisites, F class rallies behind Yuuji, determined to take on the higher-tiered classes in order to seize their perks by using the school's Examinations Summon Battle system. The participants can summon fantasy characters—whose power levels are equal to their student's test scores—in an all-out battle. Will F class be able to rise to the top, or will they live up to everyone's expectations and fail?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shoutarou Futaba has always loved sports, but he never became more than a benchwarmer on his middle school baseball team. After noticing a group of gymnasts practicing in the park, he decides to watch a rhythmic gymnastics tournament on a whim. Although displaying an exhilarating performance at the competition, the Shoushukan High School's Rhythmic Gymnastics Club places second-to-last due to penalties acquired from not fielding a full six-man roster. The demonstration of skill captivates Shoutarou, and he decides to enroll at Shoushukan in hopes of joining the team despite having no background in the sport. The club recruits him alongside Ryouya Misato, a prodigal gymnast who was the runner-up in a junior tournament. Now with a full six-man roster, the team sets out to compete in the upcoming Inter-High tournament. As he strives to accomplish this ambitious endeavor, Shoutarou must learn and master the basics of rhythmic gymnastics all while working in tandem with his new teammates if Shoushukan wants to stand a chance at claiming the title.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the invincible and basically happy punk lads Hiroshi and Toru, what they care about every day is to get a lot of attention from girls and to win the fights against the lads from other schools. Whenever provoked, they just go out fighting and settle the situation no matter what it costs.(Source: AniDB)In a distant future, Earth has become a wasteland and humanity as we know it has died out. All that remains are sentient robots. They were supposed to be able to live forever—until the one called Luna died and the Ruin started. Their bodies will rust, and there is nothing that can be done to fix it. Now the robots are left only to contemplate their deaths, kept going only by the rumor that if they eat the one called Casshern, they will gain immortality.Casshern knows nothing about his past, why he exists, or what he is, but he must find out, or he will face the constant torment of being hunted by robots who don't want to die. Casshern leaves death wherever he goes, but he must face it if he is to find out the truth of this world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]From out of nowhere, a mysterious alien race known as the Boazan Forces has invaded the Earth. A group of individuals specially trained to handle this kind of situation has been unleashed. Kenichi, Ippei, Daijirou, Hiyoshi & Megumi are the pilots of the Choudenji Machine Voltes V (5), Earth's defense against the Boazan and their terrible Beast Warriors. The plot thickens as the Go Brothers discover their true heritage and the truth behind their father's disappearance. Conflicts and mixed emotions hinder the Go Brothers at times but due to their unwavering desire to find their dad, they must go to the place where it all started. With the help of the rebels based on Earth and on the aliens' homeworld, the Voltes Team has another mission, remove the tyrant Zu Zanbajil and liberate the people of Boazan.(Source: ANN)"Alpha Stigma" are known to be eyes that can analyze all types of magic. However, they are more infamously known as cursed eyes that can only bring destruction and death to others.Ryner Lute, a talented mage and also an Alpha Stigma bearer, was once a student of the Roland Empire's Magician Academy, an elite school dedicated to training magicians for military purposes. However, after many of his classmates died in a war, he makes an oath to make the nation a more orderly and peaceful place, with fellow survivor and best friend, Sion Astal.Now that Sion is the king of Roland, he orders Ryner to search for useful relics that will aid the nation. Together with Ferris Eris, a beautiful and highly skilled swordswoman, Ryner goes on a journey to search for relics of legendary heroes from the past, and also uncover the secrets behind his cursed eyes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fuuma ninja clan is a secret ninja tribe that is waiting for the "Orochi" (gigantic snake) to resurrect for generations. Shirasu and his twin brother Ichiu grew up in this viscous environment and this tells how they become the leaders of the clan.(Source: Amazon Prime Video)A poor and ordinary boy from a village joins a minor sect in Jiang Hu and becomes an Unofficial Disciple by chance. How will Han Li, a commoner by birth, establish a foothold for himself in in his sect? With his mediocre aptitude, he must successfully traverse the treacherous path of cultivation and avoid the notice of those who may do him harm. This is a story of an ordinary mortal who, against all odds, clashes with devilish demons and ancient celestials in order to find his own path towards immortality.(Source: Wuxia World)In desperation, Edward Elric sacrificed his body and soul to rescue his brother Alphonse, and is now displaced in the heart of Munich, Germany. He struggles to adapt to a world completely foreign to him in the wake of the economic crisis that followed the end of World War I. Isolated and unable to return home with his alchemy skills, Edward continues to research other methods of escaping the prison alongside colleagues who bear striking resemblances to many of the people he left behind. As dissent brews among the German citizenry, its neighbors also feel the unrest of the humiliated nation.Meanwhile, Alphonse continues to investigate Edward's disappearance, delving into the science of alchemy in the hopes of finally reuniting with his older brother. [Written by MAL Rewrite]In a small town, there is a small pharmacy called Fun Fun Pharmacy. Popuri, a girl who recently moved in downtown, discovers this pharmacy and meets Miss Fukiko, who is actually a witch. Miss Fukiko gives Popuri a mysterious bottle that can create magic spirits.1. Koi wo Shita kara Datsugoku Suru Koto ni Shita / Kyoufu no Moudoku Dai Shitou! Hokkaido Ouchi ni Kyodai Hebi wa Sonzai Shita!2. Monster3. Shiton DoubutsukiAccording to Murphy's Law, "anything that can go wrong, will go wrong," and truer words cannot describe the unfortunate life of the hard-working Hayate Ayasaki. Abandoned by his parents after accumulating a debt of over one hundred fifty million yen, he is sold off to the yakuza, initiating his swift getaway from a future he does not want. On that fateful night, he runs into Nagi Sanzenin, a young girl whom he decides to try and kidnap to pay for his family's massive debt.Unfortunately, due to his kind-hearted nature and a string of misunderstandings, Nagi believes Hayate to be confessing his love to her. After saving her from real kidnappers, Hayate is hired as Nagi's personal butler, upon which she is revealed to be a member of one of the wealthiest families in Japan.Highly skilled but cursed with the world's worst luck, Hayate gets straight to work serving his employer all the while trying to deal with the many misfortunes that befall him. From taking care of a mansion to fending off dangerous foes, and even unintentionally wooing the hearts of the women around him, Hayate is in over his head in the butler comedy Hayate no Gotoku![Written by MAL Rewrite]When the Golden Race invited other races to join them in the stars, three sentient races answered their call. The Goldens called them the Bronze, Silver and Heroic Tribes. Just before the Gold Tribe left to travel to another Universe, a fourth race appeared, traveling to the stars on their own accomplishments. The Golds named the human race the Iron Tribe. During the passing of time, humanity suffers at the hands of the more dominant races and is now facing extinction. Following a prophecy left by the Gold Tribe, Princess Deianeira sets out to search for the powerful being who might be able to save humankind. She meets a wild haired boy on an abandoned planet—a fateful encounter that will not only change the fortunes of Humanity, but also the fate of the universe.(Source: AniDB)Bundled with the limited editions of 29th, 30th, and 31st volumes of the Hoozuki no Reitetsu manga.If you could turn all your memories into a song, what would it resemble?Between being an exceptional student and taking care of the house alone during her mother's absence, Asuna Watase's only distraction is listening to her old crystal radio in her secret mountain hideout. One day, she accidentally tunes to a mysterious and melancholic melody, different from anything she has ever heard before. Soon after, an enigmatic boy named Shun saves her from a dangerous creature, unknowingly dragging Asuna on a long journey to a long lost land bound to surpass her very imagination, turning her once melodic life into an intricate requiem.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On this wintry day, I'll stay with everyone at Golden Courtyard to do adorable things and create special memories, and then we'll embrace the new year in our unique way. Haha, does this sound ceremonious? After all, I want to create more such wonderful memories with every one of you, because I love you all ♪  (Source: Honkai Impact 3rd Official Youtube Channel)Second season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.The skilled craftsman Kuroda created artificial humans called Hybrid Child—creatures who are neither machines nor dolls, but rather a reflection of the love shown to them. While they can feel human emotions and have their own consciousness, they are not real humans and require love to grow.Kotarou Izumi is the young heir to the noble Izumi family, so it is frowned upon when he brings an abandoned Hybrid Child he found in the garbage into their household. His family even attempts to throw away Hazuki—Kotarou's name for the Hybrid Child—multiple times when he is not paying attention. But through overcoming these obstacles, their love and the bond connecting them grow stronger. However, ten years pass before a horrifying realization dawns on them: a Hybrid Child might not have an endless life span.Hybrid Child is a collection of three short love stories, depicting the relationship between the artificial humans and their owners.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When the Inaho Junior High Ping-Pong Club grows apathetic about an upcoming tournament, their new manager, Kyoko Iwashita, boosts their morale with something they cannot refuse—a "sex pass," a voucher that grants the best player on the team unadulterated access to her body for a whole month. This is just one of many ways that this peculiar ping-pong club exceeds the realm of normalcy.Among the Ping-Pong Club's six members, Maeno proves to be the most troublesome, discovering bizarre ways to distract the team each day. With the others contributing to these mischievous acts, Takeda—the captain of the club—tries his hardest to put up with the team's antics. But when popular vice-captain Yuusuke Kinoshita is being swept away by girls, he instead finds himself receiving support from the stern but resilient manager, Kyoko.With the ever-present risk of their team being dissolved, Takeda and his friends find themselves having to overcome numerous obstacles. While Maeno often appears to put the club in jeopardy, it is usually he who devises schemes that are just so crazy that they have a chance of working. Can Maeno and his ludicrous stunts help his team persevere, or will they continue to just be a nuisance to the Ping-Pong Club?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After being reborn in ancient times before the Great God-Conferment War, Li Changshou became a small cultivator.To survive in the cruel Primordial Times, Li Changshou tries hard not to accumulate any karma. He always plans thoroughly before doing anything and never allows himself to walk into dangerous situations. He hides his trump cards well, trains himself in escape techniques, refines poisonous pills, and masters mystical abilities.Li Changshou originally planned to remain hidden and safe in the mountain until his ascension to immortality. However, everything changed one year when his master brought home a junior sister…(Source: Realm Scans)Running late on her first day as a patrol woman for the Bokuto Police Department, spunky moped rider Natsumi Tsujimoto decides to take several shortcuts, only to be chased down and cited by mechanical genius and expert police driver Miyuki Kobayakawa. Upon arrival at the precinct, Natsumi finds out that her new partner is the same woman who ticketed her earlier. At first, she doesn't trust Miyuki, but in a short period of time, they develop an unbreakable friendship that overcomes traffic accidents, reckless drivers and even the strongest typhoons to hit Tokyo. (Source: ANN)A year has passed since the Star Force returned to save the Earth but another danger now approaches from deep space. A gigantic White Comet hurtles toward our galaxy, obliterating everything in its path. But it is no ordinary comet—it is the deadly Comet Empire, conqueror of worlds... and Earth is the next target! Against orders, the Star Force blasts off to investigate, but even if they can get past the flagship Andromeda, they don't yet know the true nature of their new enemy!(Source: AniDB)Earth has been conquered by the evil Illumidus Empire, with parallels drawn to the U.S. post World War II occupation of Japan. Captain Harlock with a group that will become his life long friends begin their fight against this tyranny visited upon the planet Earth, with no regard to the costs the struggle will have on them, caring only for the ideal of restoring freedom to the people of Earth.(Source: ANN)One night, a mysterious and unexplained phenomenon occurs in the nine provinces. Five years later Chu Feng, a regular outer disciple of the Azure Dragon School, awakens one of the mysterious nine lightning beasts. And discovers an egg sealed inside him. From there we follow Chu Feng on his path of cultivation. (Source: Novel Updates)Akutabe is a detective who summons devils to solve the troubles of his clients. One day, a low class devil Azazel Atsushi is summoned by Akutabe and is used harshly by him and his assistant Rinko.Obsessed with revenge against the King of Games, Seto Kaiba commences an excavation in Egypt to find the fragments of the Millennium Puzzle, which once retained the spirit of the "counterpart Yuugi." However, a cloaked man steals two pieces of the Puzzle and disappears before it could be reconstructed. Meanwhile, now in their final year of high school, Yuugi Mutou and his friends plan for their futures, unaware of the danger lurking close by. Yu☆Gi☆Oh! The Dark Side of Dimensions tells the tale of vindictive forces distorting reality in whatever way they please. Will Seto and Yuugi move past their differences and save the world, or will Seto's own greed get the better of him?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sakura Minamoto dreams of becoming an idol. Unfortunately, reality hits her like a truck, and she dies in a sudden traffic accident. Ten years later, she wakes up in Saga Prefecture, only to find herself a zombie with no memory of her past. While still coming to terms with her demise, she meets a man named Koutarou Tatsumi, who explains that he has resurrected her and six other zombie girls from different eras for the purpose of economically revitalizing Saga by means of an idol group. Assuming the role of an abrasive manager, Koutarou begins scheduling events; the girls go along with it, eventually deciding to name their idol group Franchouchou.An absurdly comedic take on the idol genre, Zombieland Saga tells the story of Franchouchou's heartwarming struggle to save Saga Prefecture while hiding their zombie identities and rediscovering their past lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shingeki no Kyojin Season 4 DVD/BD specials. They are chibi parody shorts; one video was included on each of the DVD/BDs. Each video contained eight stories (essentially chibi parody short episode 60–75) which continued the chibi parody story from the previous chibi parody specials included on the DVD/BDs of the previous seasons.In a shocking turn of events, humanity has won its first battle in the Ragnarök tournament—a series of 13 fights that will decide the fate of mankind. Zeus, the head of gods, sends the demigod Heracles for the next round to avenge the humiliated Greek pantheon. To face this hero loved by gods and humans alike, the Valkyrie Brunhilde decides to use Heracles' complete moral opposite: the infamous serial killer Jack the Ripper—leaving human beings unsure who they should support.Meanwhile, tensions begin to rise between various divine pantheons, and rumors of a traitor jeopardize the unity of those who want to annihilate humanity. As the line between friend and foe becomes blurred, Brunhilde will do everything she can to make her machinations successful.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hikari Hanazono has always been able to do things that normal people cannot. As a child, she assumed no one could beat her—until she met Kei Takishima. Thinking she would win, Hikari challenged him to a match. But things didn’t go as planned; she lost not once but each time she rechallenged him. From that point on, she has sworn to best Kei at everything, ranging from academics to athletics.To achieve her goal, Hikari enrolls in the same school as Kei—Hakusenkan, a prestigious institute for the wealthy. As a pair, they hold the top two rankings in school and are among seven of the academy's best students in a class known as Special A.While Hikari treats Kei as a rival, she is completely oblivious that he harbors hidden feelings for her. Together, the members of Special A deal with competition, friendship, and just a bit of love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chocolat Meilleure and Vanilla Mieux are both witches and childhood friends, pitted against each other in a contest to see who will become the next queen of the Magic World! In order to win, the two queen candidates must attend school in the human world, cultivating relationships to bring out their classmates hearts of friendship and love... But if a witch gives their heart to a human, they'll die?! In an exciting adventure filled with transformations, mystery, jealousy, and romance, join Chocolat and Vanilla as they work alongside their knights to protect the kingdom from the threat of the Ogres and do their best to become the next queen!Tekkaman Blade takes place in the year 2300 AD. On a certain moment, the Radam attack earth. A few months after the beginning of the invasion, a tekkaman appears, he calls himself Blade and with the help of the Space Knights, Blade starts to fight the radam. But there are a few things that Blade isn't telling about his past. (Source: ANN)Sixth season of Yao Shen Ji.A Ripple in Time Turns the Crucial Tide of WWII.Scheduled for routine military exercises, Commander Kadomatsu and the crew of Japan's newest and most modern Battlecruiser, The Mirai, are ready to test out the ship's state-of-the-art Aegis System. Instead, they find themselves transported back to June 4th, 1942—date of the crucial Battle of Midway, where the Japanese fleet was dealt a crippling blow. When an overzealous Kadomatsu rescues one of the battle's victims, Kusaka, from a sinking zero fighter, the Mirai's fate is sealed. The crew pledges not to do anything to alter the past further. However, they're now forced to fight a U.S. submarine in a battle that should never have occurred. Thus setting off a chain of events that may forever change the flow of history!(Source: Geneon Entertainment USA, edited)The alien Abyssal Fleet continues to threaten humanity, and the Kanmusu—girls endowed with the spirits of Japanese warships—are mankind's last hope. With their ongoing struggles, the Kanmusu are almost certain to sink below the waves into their demise. The Mutsuki-class destroyer Kisaragi is one of the unfortunate ships to meet such a fate.However, following a successful night raid, the Eighth Fleet's Kanmusu spot Kisaragi alive but unconscious, floating to the sea surface. But the anomalous situation and Kisaragi's strange behavior leave Kanmusu cautious of her. Furthermore, the other ships start to hear mysterious voices and come across crimson waters that damage their equipment. Strangely, Fubuki, the lead ship of the Fubuki-class destroyers, appears unaffected.As Fubuki and the other Kanmusu tackle the unusual occurrences around them, the harsh reality of their existence and the Abyssal Fleet begins to unravel. Even so, the girls must keep facing forward to liberate the sea and protect those they cherish the most.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Akito doesn't want to fight. Despite a childhood spent on the anime Gekiganger 3, a Mecha show, he'd rather cook than pilot a Mecha. Fate intervenes when his home on Mars is destroyed, and he is transported instantly to the Earth, mysteriously. He has questions no one can answer fully, but follows a girl from a chance meeting in hopes to discover any. The girl, Yurika, is captain of the private battleship Nadesico, and in order to follow her, he enlists as their cook. Possessing the nanite implants that allow to control mechas, he's a handy backup pilot for the mechas of the Nadesico. He joins a crew bent on avenging Mars that seems to be composed of only misfits, otakus, and ditzes; however, in reality, they are handpicked experts. They take their own private war back to Mars to face the harsh reality that life may not always be like a Giant Mecha series.(Source: ANN)Taking advantage of the opportunity that the Mikawa Conflict provides, Tori and his comrades attempt to rescue Horizon from the Testament Union. But even as the Floating City Musashi speeds towards its next destination, the Floating Island England, Tres España is preparing its own armada for war against the British Islanders. Now, as the quest of Horizon's emotions builds to its climax, Tori's new battle is about to begin in the land ruled by the Fairy Queen! The reenactment of the history described in the mysterious Testament continues as the secret of the Armor of Deadly Sins is unleashed in the spectacular second season of Horizon in the Middle of Nowhere! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Lynn lost her mother at the age of five and lives in with her father in England. Lynn's father is not able to be by her side all the time because of his busy schedule and Lynn is often left on her own. Despite having to endure the harsh loneliness, Lynn strives to protect her promise with her mother to become a strong and elegant lady.(Source: ANN)Buried within the numerous clubs at Nijigasaki High School lies the school idol club. The club, while lacking popularity, definitely does not lack potential. During their debut performance, they were able to seize a sizable audience, along with the attention of their schoolmates Ayumu Uehara and Yuu Takasaki.Enamored, the duo makes their way to join the club; however, they are disappointed to find out that the club had just been disbanded. Nevertheless, Ayumu does not believe that it should have ended there. Together with Yuu, they begin restoring the school idol club, hoping to recreate the idol performances that dazzled them before.Love Live! Nijigasaki Gakuen School Idol Doukoukai shines its spotlight over the reformed school idol club as they recruit both former members of the club alongside newcomers. Taking the first step towards their dreams, how will these girls achieve idol stardom?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the events of the 1st series, Fenarinarsa continues to drift from Earth, so the King asks for help from the kingdom, Marinarsa, to send their daughter, Momo (Who is identical to the 1st one) to Earth to regain humanity's faith in their dreams. The dying planet of Eltria is the only home of Kyrie Florian, her older sister Amitie, and her parents, who are scientists researching ways to save it. Unfortunately, the Florians must leave the planet behind to seek medical care for their father, who has contracted a lethal illness.Even with treatment, the survival rate of Kyrie's father is minuscule. Refusing to give up on her father and Eltria, Kyrie goes against the wishes of her sister and runs away from home to the peaceful planet of Earth in search of a solution. There, Kyrie and her childhood friend, Iris, pursue Earth's magical protectors—Nanoha Takamachi, Fate Testarossa, and Hayate Yagami.Nanoha and her companions possess the key to fulfilling Kyrie's objective, and the young girl must do whatever it takes to obtain it. However, it proves difficult for Kyrie, as the protectors do not easily yield to her provocation. Furthermore, Amitie soon arrives on Earth to stop her younger sister's reckless actions and bring her back home, further complicating the already delicate situation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Magic File 2 was sold at select retailers (7-11 branded equivalents) in Japan, along with PPV episodes of the show (episodes released long before, such as the NY case). The first disc housed the Movie 12 Side-Story OVA, which features Kudou Shinichi and details a bit of the backstory from the upcoming movie. The second disc was the one with the PPV episodes.(Source: DCTP Forum)Shirotsugh "Shiro" Lhadatt may be a cadet in the Kingdom of Honneamise's Royal Space Force (RSF), but he has never been in space before—in fact, nobody has. The RSF is often regarded as a failure both by the country's citizens and a government more interested in precipitating a war with a neighboring country than scientific achievement. Following the funeral of a fellow cadet, an unmotivated Shiro is walking in the city one night, when he bumps into Riquinni Nonderaiko, a young, pious woman, genuinely enthusiastic about the significance of space exploration.As the two gradually bond, Riquinni's encouragement inspires Shiro to volunteer as a pilot for a prospective rocket ship, potentially becoming Honneamise's first man in space. Shiro and the RSF are soon joined by a team of elderly but eager scientists and engineers, and together, they embark on a mission to mold their nation's space program into a success. However, their efforts soon catch the attention of the government, which seems to have a different plan for the RSF in mind. Even as the odds are stacked against them, these men and women continue to stubbornly look to the sky, because somewhere among the frontiers of space may lie humanity's last chance at redemption.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite recently turning 17, the otherwise ordinary Yucie still has the body of a child. Having stopped growing past the age of 10, Yucie yearns to fully mature into an adult body. One day, she is chosen as a candidate for the title of "Platinum Princess," given once in a thousand years to whoever is worthy of the Eternal Tiara—a mysterious crown said to grant any wish. She's not alone either, as four other candidates also compete to have their own wishes granted by the crown.As a result, Yucie enrolls at the nearby Princess Academy in order to grow her heart and work towards becoming qualified for the Eternal Tiara. With her family, rivals, and even the principal of the academy there to lend a hand, will Yucie's much-desired wish finally come true?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Twelve years after the final OVA was shown, and the end of the manga, a new piece of Ranma ½ animation was made for the "It's a Rumic World" exhibition of Rumiko Takahashi's artwork. The new 30 minute special is based on the "Nightmare! Incense of Spring Sleep" manga story from volume 34, and was shown on odd numbered days at the "It's A Rumic World" exhibition in Tokyo from July 30th to August 11th.(Source: Wikipedia)Sasuke is the son of a very skilled ninja, whose name is Ozaru. After the defeat of their lord, Yukimura Sanada, Tokugawa's and Hattori's ninjas begin to persecute all their enemies still alive: that means Ozaru and Sasuke must leave their house and start a violent struggle for their own life. Danger, vengeance, anger, loyalty, pain are the basic elements of this story, where the worst aspects of the human soul are described together with the growth of the main character, the young Sasuke. The deadly confrontation with the Devil King, Oda Nobunaga is over, but the struggle for supremacy continues in Warring Countries-era Japan, as the armies of Takeda Shingen and Uesugi Kenshin repeatedly engage battle at Kawanakajima.Meanwhile, on the easternmost side of the battlefield, two outstanding characters bound by destiny—one clad in azure and the other in crimson—are about to clash in a long-awaited, decisive duel.Then a sudden dispatch informs that a huge army has surrounded the forces of Takeda, Uesugi and Date at Kakanakajima. Their leader is Toyotomi Hideyoshi, the man who inherited Nobunaga's dreams and ambitions, and who is now going to bring havoc over Japan once again!(Source: Production I.G)When Keiichi found his grandpa's diary and saw a treasure map inside, Skuld and Urd started to feel a great urge to search it. With the company of his friends, Keiichi arrives to Honda Inn, the place indicated on the map. Once the party is inside, they meet Honda Chieko, who seems to share a certain promise with Keiichi. Apart from all that confusion, it's time for Keiichi to have enough courage to say the words "I love you" to Belldandy.After being tricked into signing a document by someone he considered a friend, Shin Kazama is forced to become a fighter pilot in the foreign legion of mercenaries, who are fighting in a civil war for the nation of Aslan. Hellbent on earning enough money to break his contract and return to Japan, Shin has managed to become one of the most lethal pilots at the base known as Area 88. But having spent so much time in a place where one's life is always in jeopardy, will Shin remain the same man if and when he can return to the civilian world?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing on his quest to retake Ecbatana, Prince Arslan and his company march toward the city. But upon receiving news that the neighboring Kingdom of Turan is launching an assault on the Parsian stronghold at Peshawar Citadel, the prince is forced to turn back in order to defend the fortress. Amid holding off the invading forces, the Parsian army is met by an unexpected visitor.As Arslan returns to Peshawar, Prince Hermes takes a slight detour from his clash against his cousin to search for the legendary sword Rukhnabad, which would grant him the right to rule and take back what he believes is rightfully his. However, after unearthing the lost artifact, the blade is stolen by the Temple Knights of Lusitania, prompting the masked warrior to give chase. Meanwhile in Ecbatana, the captive King Andragoras III finds an opportunity to strike and begins to make his move.As the separate sides of the Parsian royal conflict clash, Arslan's right to the throne falls under attack. But no matter the obstacles in their way, the young prince and his loyal band of warriors charge forward to restore Pars to its former glory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a mysterious pair attack Rukia Kuchiki and erase her memories while she is in Seireitei, Ichigo Kurosaki, a substitute Soul Reaper, briefly forgets Rukia, until he is reminded of her by Kon, an Underpod Mod-Soul. Confused, he seeks his town's candy-shop owner, Kisuke Urahara, who opens the pathway to Seireitei for them. Ichigo is then shocked to find that his allies in Seireitei, the Shinigami of the Soul Society, have forgotten him.Filled with action, Kimi no Na wo Yobu follows Ichigo and Kon as they fight against their former comrades while searching for the missing Rukia and discovering her assailants before they strike again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episodes of Killer Seven.The Kazama Family—a gang of three wannabe delinquents and close friends, spearheaded by Kenji Kazama, is trying to make a name for themselves at Fujou Academy. On the first day of the term, the gang finds themselves putting out a fire in the Game Development Club. Instead of thanking them, the eccentric club members attack and knock out Kenji's two friends, forcing Kenji to fight for his life. Failing to escape, the gang leader is coerced into joining the Game Development Club.As he settles in, Kenji gets to know the four girls responsible for his provisional membership—student council president and general tyrant Chitose Karasuyama, spirited tomboy Sakura Mizukami, negligent club advisor Minami Oosawa, and the school's infamous shadow leader Roka Shibasaki. Throughout the Game Development Club's constant shenanigans and his desperate attempts to leave the club, Kenji begins to realize that he may be actually enjoying himself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shu Lu is a frail teenager with an iron will. After losing his parents, he enrolls in a prestigious high school while working for a living and looking after his adoptive sister, Xiaoyu Lu. However, Shu Lu's quiet life abruptly changes when a car accident awakens his latent cultivation superpowers. Now cured of his physical weakness, he decides to hide his newfound abilities, as the art of cultivation is still shrouded in mystery—and the fate of cultivators uncertain.Meanwhile, Tian Luo Di Wang, the international foundation responsible for monitoring the cultivators, sets its plans in motion. Under the impetus of their member Xi Fei, a special cultivation training group is established in Shu Lu's high school. Although Shu Lu is forced to join the program, he is determined to hide the nature of his fearsome power, for his cultivation draws from an unlimited resource: the negative emotions of others brought about by his actions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day Nobita found a small sapling behind the hill but his mom won't allow him to plant it in the backyard. Using Doraemon's special tool, they made the tree alive so it could move around freely. Nobita name it Ki-bō and the two became like brothers. From there, a new adventure awaits...Waking up to find herself in a parallel version of Fuyuki City, Illyasviel "Illya" von Einzbern is lost and alone. She discovers her home in ruins, with a massive crater lying in the center of her hometown. With snow falling in the middle of summer, confusion consumes the young elementary schooler, who has no knowledge of where her friends or her wand Ruby may be.Making it to the remains of her house, she is suddenly tackled by an amnesiac girl. Wearing a gym uniform as the icy temperature sets in, the mysterious girl has no idea of where she is or why she showed up. However, this stranger, known as Tanaka, apparently has information about the location of Rin Toosaka, Miyu Edelfelt, and the rest of Illya's missing friends. Fleeing from agents of the Ainsworth family⁠—those in control of this parallel realm—where will these two end up, and how will Illya restore the present back to the world she once knew?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the witches' tradition, when a practitioner turns 15, they must become independent and leave their home to study witchcraft. Makoto Kowata is one such apprentice witch who leaves her parents' home in Yokohama in pursuit of knowledge and training. Along with her companion Chito, a black cat familiar, they embark on a journey to Aomori, a region favored by witches due to its abundance of nature and affinity with magic. They begin their new life by living with Makoto's second cousins, Kei Kuramoto and his little sister Chinatsu.While Makoto may seem to be attending high school like any other teenager, her whimsical and eccentric involvement with witchcraft sets her apart from others her age. From her encounter with an anthropomorphic dog fortune teller to the peculiar magic training she receives from her older sister Akane, Makoto's peaceful everyday life is filled with the idiosyncrasies of witchcraft that she shares with her friends and family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Collaboration anime between Gintama and Monster Strike.The story follows Benio "Haikara-san" Hanamura, who lost her mother when she was very young and has been raised by her father, a high-ranking official in the Japanese army. As a result, she has grown into a tomboy—contrary to traditional Japanese notions of femininity, she studies kendo, drinks sake, dresses in often outlandish-looking Western fashions instead of the traditional kimono, and is not as interested in housework as she is in literature. She also rejects the idea of arranged marriages and believes in a woman's right to a career and to marry for love.(Source: ANN)The year is 2027, and the city of Kyoto has undergone tremendous technological advancement. Within the city live two classmates: Naomi Katagaki, a socially awkward and introverted boy; and Ruri Ichigyou, a girl with a cold personality who is often blunt with people. Despite sharing Ruri's love of reading, Naomi is afraid to approach her due to her unfriendly nature.One day, while out on a walk, Naomi witnesses a crimson aurora pierce through the sky for a brief moment before vanishing. Shortly after, he encounters a three-legged crow and a mysterious hooded man, who reveals himself to be Naomi from 10 years in the future, explaining that he has come to change an imminent tragic event that happens to Ruri soon after they start dating. Initially taking his words with a grain of salt, present-day Naomi follows his future self's instructions and starts getting closer to Ruri, determined to save her. Will he be able to change the future?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although learning different languages continues to be an interest for Shinobu and her friends, the new school year brings unexpected difficulties. Not only is there always something new and different to distract them from their studies, but Alice and Yoko also are having trouble adjusting to being in a different class from Shinobu and Aya.Meanwhile, Karen isn't getting along at all with her new homeroom teacher, and it doesn't help that the teacher is having trouble figuring out how to make herself seem friendlier to her students as well. Craziness may ensue, but sometimes, all it takes is the right mutual experience to bring everyone together.While some of those experiences may not be as well-thought-out as others (like when Alice and Aya act like juvenile delinquents to seem more grown up), the gang's new adventures are certain to warm everyone's heart as the fun and friendships keep growing in HELLO!! KINMOZA!(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Humans and demons are two sides of the same coin, as are Assiah and Gehenna, their respective worlds. The only way to travel between the realms is by the means of possession, like in ghost stories. However, Satan, the ruler of Gehenna, cannot find a suitable host to possess and therefore, remains imprisoned in his world. In a desperate attempt to conquer Assiah, he sends his son instead, intending for him to eventually grow into a vessel capable of possession by the demon king.Ao no Exorcist follows Rin Okumura who appears to be an ordinary, somewhat troublesome teenager—that is until one day he is ambushed by demons. His world turns upside down when he discovers that he is in fact the very son of Satan and that his demon father wishes for him to return so they can conquer Assiah together. Not wanting to join the king of Gehenna, Rin decides to begin training to become an exorcist so that he can fight to defend Assiah alongside his brother Yukio.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a futuristic world, the Maruhage Empire is a militant organization out to steal everyone's hair, and thus their freedom. But a brave man with an afro of gold and nose hairs of steel stands up against their tyranny. Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo, trained in the ways of hair, rescues a teenager named Beauty from the grunts of the Maruhage Empire. Together, they start on a journey to defeat Emperor Tsuru Tsurulina IV. As Bo-bobo meets new friends and battles foes along the way, so too does he begin his quest to save all the hairs of the world!Light-hearted and comical, Bobobo-bo Bo-bobo details a wacky adventure in which Bo-bobo and his companions fight all sorts of villains and deviants within the Maruhage Empire, all the while having a fun and exciting adventure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takehito Kumagami's clairvoyance leads his group of friends to another child with supernatural powers: Iori Sekiguchi, a mind reader. However, as they try to approach her, they realize her power makes her nearly impossible to pin down. Having been chosen by the club to handle this case, Nao Tomori and Yuu Otosaka must find a way to get around the child's unique ability before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although Yuuta Togashi and Rikka Takanashi have just started dating, they do not know how to progress their young relationship. Due to both of them being shy, neither of them are capable of making the first move. Rikka decides to ask her class representative Shinka Nibutani for some love advice, and she advises Rikka get closer to Yuuta during the Christmas season. Following the suggestion of Yuuta's friend, Makoto Isshiki, they hold a Christmas party at Sanae Dekomori’s place.During the party, Yuuta notices Rikka has gone missing and searches for her. When he finds Rikka, he notices that she is acting strange and quickly figures out that she and Sanae are both drunk! How will this Christmas party turn out for the budding couple?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Polka Shinoyama's life takes a dramatic turn after being forced to use his magical powers in public. His divination cabinet attracts the attention of several people hellbent on exposing his true nature as the reincarnation of Corpse God, a necromancer from the Other World. To make matters worse, Polka and his friends are framed for the murder of one of their protector's employees.When group member Takumi Kuruya is abducted by his former boss, Kuon Higuro, Polka sends his most trustworthy ally Misaki Sakimiya to their friend's rescue. It turns out that some of the recent incidents the group finds themselves caught up in are interconnected, and Polka needs to be twice as careful if he wants to make it out alive from this maze of pitfalls.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Delinquent Juu Juuzawa is a lone wolf who does not see much use in befriending people. So when a girl named Ame Ochibana claims they are linked together from their previous lives, he is highly skeptical and doesn't want anything to do with her. Even stranger is that her fondest wish is to be his servant. Thinking that Ame must be delusional, he tries to distance himself from her. But when a classmate is murdered, Juu instead decides to keep her close, believing the strange girl to be the culprit. However, her intelligence and skill begin to prove invaluable as the two begin working together to solve the murder.Denpa-teki na Kanojo weaves together a story of love, loss, and devotion, showing that allies can be found in the most unlikely of places.[Written by MAL Rewrite]About 700 million years ago, the Earth was covered in ice, becoming a white planet – a snowball Earth. It is said that this continued for millions of years... This time, Doraemon and his friends set off to an icy, wintry, freezing journey to find a hotter, crazier, and more exciting adventure than ever before!(Source: Toho)New Ensemble Stars!! web animated series based on the game story "Element".Kokoa Hoto is a positive and energetic girl who becomes friends with anyone in just three seconds. After moving in with the Kafuu family in order to attend high school away from home, she immediately befriends the shy and precocious granddaughter of Rabbit House cafe's founder, Chino Kafuu, who is often seen with the talking rabbit, Tippy, on her head.After beginning to work as a waitress in return for room and board, Kokoa also befriends another part-timer, Rize Tedeza, who has unusual behavior and significant physical capabilities due to her military upbringing; Chiya Ujimatsu, a waitress from a rival cafe who does everything at her own pace; and Sharo Kirima, another waitress at a different cafe who has the air of a noblewoman despite being impoverished.With fluffy silliness and caffeinated fun, Gochuumon wa Usagi Desu ka? is a heartwarming comedy about five young waitresses and their amusing adventures in the town they call home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mitsunari Tokugawa, the organizer of the historic Tokugawa underground fighting ring, has created a tournament featuring 38 of the world's best fighters, many of whom are grandmasters in their respective form of martial arts. With the exception of weapons, anything goes in Tokugawa's ring so that each fighter is able to showcase their true power and strongest secret moves.Baki Hanma earned a place in the tournament due to his status as the reigning champion of Tokugawa's fighting ring. Will he be able to come out on top? [Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on a short section of the novel Cuore by the Italian Edmondo de Amicis, Marco is a young boy living in Genoa, Italy, together with his father Pietro. But the family is not complete, for Marco`s mother left for Argentina around a year earlier in order to find work. Letters from her arrive regularly until one day they suddenly stop. Worry for his mother and what might have happened to her overcomes the young boy. Marco thus decides to embark upon a journey to Argentina in the hope of being reunited with his mother. At first, Pietro is opposed to Marco`s plan, but moved by his son's enthusiasm, he eventually allows the boy to go. So begins Marco`s long journey of the heart. Marco encounters many people throughout his travels, and finds maturity and self-acceptance as a result of his experiences.(Source: Nippon Animation)Hellsing, an organization specializing in dealing with supernatural threats, is called in to eliminate a vampire that is turning the villagers of Cheddar into ghouls. To put an end to this, the leader of the organization, Sir Integra Fairbrook Wingates Hellsing, dispatches her most formidable asset: a powerful vampire known as Alucard.Armed with only a single handgun, Alucard wreaks havoc on the monsters plaguing Cheddar. However, a young police officer, Seras Victoria, gets caught up in the chaos and becomes mortally wounded as a result. Taking pity on the girl, Alucard gives her a choice: die as a human or live on as a vampire. Seras accepts his offer and begins a new life as a member of Hellsing.Though it was her decision, Seras struggles with the fact that she is no longer human. Nevertheless, she must embrace being a creature of the night soon if she wants to survive on the front lines in the fight between humans and the supernatural.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's hard to take over the world, and the enigmatic Il Palazzo, head of the ACROSS organization, knows this, so he aims to start small by conquering the city of Fukuoka. Two young officers, the Excel and her partner Hyatt, are tasked with executing this plan, but standing in their way are the City Security workers, a group consisting of three (mostly) normal guys, a very severe girl, and some robots. Regardless of simplicity, Excel and Hyatt always manage to screw up their missions, which usually result in death and lots of destruction.Heppoko Jikken Animation Excel♥Saga chronicles the elaborate troubles that the ACROSS officers get themselves into, as Excel and Hyatt never fail to do their jobs improperly.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Last of the Shin Kyuuseishu Densetsu pentalogy. A prequel set between Kenshiro's defeat at the hands of Shin and the beginning of the manga. (Source: Wikipedia)Hayase Nagatoro and Naoto Hachiouji have grown closer: the girl spends more time than ever in the art club room with her senpai. Although he is always on edge, Naoto no longer seems to mind Nagatoro's presence. Time and again, Naoto demonstrates his hidden, cool demeanor, and Nagatoro displays her possessive tendencies. However, they still can not seem to completely close the distance between them. It is clear to everyone else that the pair have feelings for each other.For Nagatoro, there is nothing more entertaining than toying with Naoto. But as the girl shows no plans to stop teasing her senpai, it is only a matter of time before they realize how they truly feel.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shouhei Zenya (The Night Before The Invitation)Prior to the U-17 training camp invitations, the middle schoolers spend their last few days of leisure relaxing and goofing off with each other. Kami no Ko vs Koutei (Child of God vs. Emperor)The tiebreaker-style elimination match between Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School's Seiichi Yukimura and Genichirou Sanada pits two of the "Three Demons'' against each other. As the two fight to stay in the camp, the history between the "Child of God" and the "Emperor'' is revealed.Densetsu wo Tsugusha-tachi (The One That Stands On Top)In the next set of tiebreaker-style elimination matches, Shitenhouji Middle School's Kenya Oshitari and Kuranosuke Shiraishi must face off. As both players have been harboring heavy feelings since the Nationals one year prior, they decide to settle it in this high-stakes match.Shousha no Imi (What it Means to be a Winner)Following the elimination matches, the winners are treated to a luxurious experience after a brutal training session. Some of the middle schoolers contend with each other over the point of the camp now that the losers are gone. They decide to settle their disagreements in the most appropriate way possible: by playing table tennis.Otoko-tachi no Kizuna (Bonds Between Men)After Hyoutei Academy's Choutarou Ootori loses his first court shuffle match, he becomes disheartened and begins to question if he deserves to stay in the camp. Rikkai's Bunta Marui decides to give him some advice to help him overcome his defeat.Tenshi to Seijo (Angel and Bible)The court shuffle matches between Courts 3 and 5 pairs Rikkai's Akaya Kirihara and Shitenhouji's Kuranosuke Shiraishi together. As the game grows progressively more difficult, Kirihara becomes agitated by their opponents. Remembering a promise he made to Kirihara's teammate, Shiraishi must prevent the young boy from losing control of his temper at all costs.Himitsu no Oujisama (Prince of Secrets)The middle schoolers become restless and irritated when the camp's food supply begins to run low from a harsh storm. Seishun Academy's Satoshi Horio must deliver a bag to his teammate, Ryouma Echizen, but the angry middle schoolers start to believe that he is hiding food from them. In an attempt to claim the bag's contents, they all begin to fight each other as Horio tries to outsmart and run past them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The final battle against the Dark Territory drags on, as players from all over the world flood the Underworld's servers and plunge the Human Empire into utter chaos. Asuna Yuuki and her friends defend their new allies with everything they have, but their numbers are falling. Meanwhile, Alice Zuberg heads toward the World's End Altar while Gabriel "Vecta" Miller relentlessly pursues her.Meanwhile, members of Rath strategize a plan in an attempt to restore Kirito's damaged fluctlight. However, the intruders occupying the main control room have other plans. Surrounded by death and despair, when all hope seems to be lost, one voice reaches out to Kirito—a familiar one saying, "I will always be by your side."Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld 2nd Season is the epic conclusion to Akihiko Kayaba's dream of creating artificial human intelligence. Now it is up to Kirito and his friends to protect this collapsing world from the people that still think it is just a game.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tired of Yuuko's antics for causing more ghost stories to be spread amongst the students, Kirie challenges her to a series of games which if Yuuko loses, she must behave.(Source: Wikipedia)One day, Shuna and Shion are fighting over Rimuru's squishy slime body as usual. Rimuru figures that giving them each a body double of himself would solve the conflict, but when he imagines some of his other friends asking him to do the same for them, he quickly drops that plan. Then he comes up with the idea to make a cushion in the shape of his slime form. He travels around Tempest to see if his friends know of any good materials he can use, and he learns that a special type of sand found along a lake shore in the forest is exactly what he's looking for. So he sets out to collect some sand... but a monster is waiting for him by the lake! What's more, Milim hears about his plan for a picnic and comes racing down from the sky!(Source: Crunchyroll)From dusk until dawn, street racers gather on a Tokyo highway—the Wangan Route—in search of only one thing: speed. Among them, a newcomer attracts the attention of the route's veterans after he purchases a Nissan Fairlady Z, a car infamously nicknamed The Devil Z. The newcomer ignores the warnings of Eriko Asakura, who lost her brother, Akio, in an accident involving the same vehicle. The Devil Z's new owner, who coincidentally shares the exact same name as Eriko's brother, becomes bewitched by the car's mysterious power—even after crashing twice.Now a high school dropout who works to pay for his car repairs, Akio befriends regular street racers of the area: the legendary owner of the Porsche 911 Turbo, a car known on the streets as "Blackbird;" the genius surgeon Tatsuya Shima; and Reina Akikawa, who works as a model by day and displays unparalleled skill in her Nissan Skyline GT-R by night. Thanks to these connections, Akio manages to find the retired designer of The Devil Z's engine, a solitary man named Jun Kitami. Following his meeting with Akio, Jun resumes building overpowered yet dangerous engines. Meanwhile, the racers of the Wangan Route are caught in a desperate race against The Devil Z with no clear end in sight.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuugi Mutou is a naïve and lonely high school student who is fascinated by games. While staying with his grandfather, the owner of a game shop, he comes across an ancient Egyption relic known as the "Millennium Puzzle." Rumored to grant any wish to those who solve the Puzzle, Yuugi becomes determined to solve it to wish for some friends. After years of struggling, Yuugi manages to complete the puzzle and mysteriously finds that his wish has been fulfilled.Meanwhile, a new card game known as "Duel Monsters" starts rising in popularity. In this game, players called duelists fight against each other with "monsters" by using magic and trap cards to foil their opponent's plans. Yuugi quickly becomes skilled at the game and lives a peaceful life with his newfound friends.However, Yuugi's peace is short-lived. The undefeated duelist and egocentric billionaire Seto Kaiba suddenly abducts Yuugi's grandfather, forcing him to duel against the rare "Blue Eyes White Dragon'' card. Yuugi is thrown into a new world of fierce battles and the stakes continue to rise as dark forces interfere from the shadows. After unexpectedly defeating Kaiba with the help of his "other self"—the spirit of a nameless pharaoh—contained in the puzzle, he unofficially becomes the top duelist known as "The King of Games." However, this new title will attract covetousness and Yuugi will have to use all his intelligence and willpower in order to protect what he holds the dearest to him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Megumin is a young and passionate wizard from the Crimson Demon Village, a remote community of mages with red eyes and a flair for the dramatic. She has devoted her life to mastering explosion magic, a powerful but impractical spell that leaves her drained of mana and unable to move for the rest of the day. Regardless, she refuses to learn any other skills.Along with her childhood friend and self-proclaimed rival, Yunyun, Megumin enrolls in the Red Prison: a prestigious academy for Crimson Demon magic users. There, she learns more about the secrets and history of her clan, as well as the threats and challenges they must face. As she polishes her power at the Red Prison with the help of her loyal familiar Chomusuke and her adorable little sister Komekko, Megumin aims to become the greatest explosion wizard of all time![Written by MAL Rewrite]In a bustling village of spirits, Yuzu, a cheerful fox girl, starts her first job as an attendant at the traditional hot springs inn Konohanatei. Though Yuzu has no experience working at such a high-class establishment, Kiri, the affable and reliable head attendant, immediately puts her to work learning the basics.While Yuzu's eagerness initially proves to be more of a hindrance than a blessing, her playful nature brings a unique charm to the inn, as both customers and her fellow workers quickly warm up to her clumsy yet well-meaning mistakes. Under the guidance of the other foxes—the rigid Satsuki, the carefree Natsume, the critical Ren, and the quiet Sakura—Yuzu steadily learns the trade of an inn attendant while learning to love the magical world surrounding her.Konohana Kitan presents the heartwarming tale of a simple fox girl forging bonds with others and finding a home amidst the mysterious, beautiful world of spirits.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Toei Animation has announced that a movie for Mahoutsukai! Precure will premiere in October 2016. Second half of Maou Gakuin no Futekigousha: Shijou Saikyou no Maou no Shiso, Tensei shite Shison-tachi no Gakkou e Kayou II.Once again, Kaitou Kid has a target in mind: the Crystal Mother, Europe's largest topaz owned by Queen Selizabeth of the Principality of Ingram. He intends to steal this jewel while the Queen is stuck on a train from Tokyo to Osaka. However, Kid's abilities are put to the test, as the Queen has already concealed the gem somewhere aboard the train. Conan Edogawa, who is among train's passengers, suspects an attack from the phantom thief and begins investigating on his own, while Inspector Ginzou Nakamori is ready for a new confrontation against the elusive jewelry robber. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Valentine's Day is approaching; Hosaka is still trying to express his love to Haruka by cooking, cross-dressing Mako-chan fears to be found out, Kana-"sensei" teaches the other girls how to "win" Valentine's Day, and Fujioka is desperately trying to receive Kana's chocolate.Momoko, who attends a special school, is both mentally and physically disabled. Every morning she becomes peevish because she can't go to the ordinary school with her twin brother Riki. Her family soothes Momoko by singing her favorite song "The Song of Frogs."One day, Momoko shouts encouragement to Riki who's playing dodgeball at an open classroom day and Riki's team wins the game. Ryuji, whose team lost the game, is not impressed and demands that Riki stop bringing his 'idiot sister' to school. Riki totally loses control and hits Ryuji with all his might.The following year, an experiment in integrated education is implemented and Momoko begins to attend Riki's school. Unfortunately, her physical condition takes a turn for the worse and she's sent to a hospital. Riki and all her classmates want to cheer her up and they set a goal of winning a relay race so that they would be able to tell Momoko the good news. Meanwhile, the fastest sprinter, Ryuichi, insists that he won't be taking part in the race.(Source: Eleven Arts)OVA bundled with the 15th and 16th volume of the manga.15th volume DVD will feature the sin of greed as the central character.16th volume DVD will feature side stories of the main characters in omnibus format.(Source: MAL News)The second part of Nanbaka. The prisoners and their guards continue their comfortable lives at Nanba Prison. However, from the shadows emerges a new threat: Enki Gokuu, a person from Samon's past, who has mysterious goals of his own.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.A girl named Olga is pursued by both the World Government and a man named Mad Treasure, as she is the only one who knows the location of the Pure Gold, a substance that can buy the entire world. Olga ends up sailing with the Straw Hat Pirates, and they journey to find the Pure Gold on the lost island of Alchemi, which is located inside the stomach of a large angler fish named Bonbori.(Source: IMDb)With the appearance of a mysterious virus that kills everyone above the age of 13, mankind becomes enslaved by previously hidden, power-hungry vampires who emerge in order to subjugate society with the promise of protecting the survivors, in exchange for donations of their blood.Among these survivors are Yuuichirou and Mikaela Hyakuya, two young boys who are taken captive from an orphanage, along with other children whom they consider family. Discontent with being treated like livestock under the vampires' cruel reign, Mikaela hatches a rebellious escape plan that is ultimately doomed to fail. The only survivor to come out on the other side is Yuuichirou, who is found by the Moon Demon Company, a military unit dedicated to exterminating the vampires in Japan.Many years later, now a member of the Japanese Imperial Demon Army, Yuuichirou is determined to take revenge on the creatures that slaughtered his family, but at what cost?Owari no Seraph is a post-apocalyptic supernatural shounen anime that follows a young man's search for retribution, all the while battling for friendship and loyalty against seemingly impossible odds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]New episode included with the 10th blu-ray volume. The episode will adapt the true ending from the original PS2 game."U" is a popular social media platform where people can create a virtual persona and start a new life. Among its five billion users, one newcomer is quickly gaining attention: Belle, a beautiful singer whose alluring melodies slowly capture the hearts of the masses. But in this space where everyone hides behind an avatar, curiosity arises over who the mysterious girl truly is. Suzu Naito—a shy girl from the countryside—can no longer sing following past trauma, all her efforts resulting in breakdowns and illness. However, when Suzu joins U, she is once again able to project her voice. Under the alias "Belle," her vocals soon go viral, receiving both love and hatred. Meanwhile, rumors spread of a chaotic beast within U, known only as "The Dragon." After a chance meeting during her concert, Belle finds he is not as evil as the stories suggest. Now, both online and in the real world, Suzu has to face the struggles of identity, fame, and opening one's heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Misaki Takahashi returns home to see his older brother being fondled by an unknown man. Bewildered by such a sight, Misaki finds out that the stranger is actually Akihiko Usami, a popular novelist and his brother's best friend. With the two of them slowly becoming acquainted, Akihiko ends up as Misaki's private tutor. However, after stumbling upon the author's latest boys-love novel, Misaki becomes uncertain whether or not to trust Akihiko regarding his friendship with the student's brother.Elsewhere, Hiroki Kamijou, a university teacher of classical literature and Akihiko's friend, is grieving a failed romance. While on the edge of a mental breakdown, he meets student Nowaki Kusama, who wants his help for an upcoming exam. Despite denying Nowaki's request numerous times, Hiroki eventually lends him a hand. As the two get closer, more revelations about the student are made.Furthermore, when wealthy teenager Shinobu Takatsuki finds out that his older sister has divorced Hiroki's coworker You Miyagi, he immediately wants to date the same man—as he saved Shinobu from a robbery three years prior. Even so, You does not feel the same way and attempts to scare him off. However, the educator soon realizes that Shinobu will do anything for their destined romance.Junjou Romantica collects three love stories, narrating every couple's romance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Upon returning home from her part-time job, Misaki Ayuzawa asks her mother to mend her maid uniform, which she accidentally tore while moving potted plants at Maid Latte. However, Misaki's younger sister, Suzuna, volunteers to fix the uniform instead. After quickly repairing the damage, Suzuna shows interest in trying on the maid attire, greatly alarming Misaki. As she attempts to prevent the embarrassing situation from escalating, Misaki must also tend to unexpected guests in her house![Written by MAL Rewrite]Sora Naegino has finally consolidated herself as Kaleido Stage's greatest star ever, and a new star starts to shine as Rosetta Passel is selected to participate in the next attraction in a main role. But when things start to go wrong in the rehearsals, Rosetta starts to question her abillity to take the role, as her own capacity to remain in Kaleido Stage. Meanwhile, Fool also struggles with his demons from the past. A normal looking high school girl on the outside, Kusakabe Maron is actually the reincarnation of Jeanne d' Arc. With the help of the angel, Fin Fish, Maron works as the thief Jeanne at night to seal the demons that reside in pieces of artwork, preying upon the weak hearts of the owners. She is branded as a thief due to the fact that the artworks disappear after she seals the demons. One day, a new neighbor and classmate appears, as well as a rival in her night job, the thief Sinbad. With her own best friend being the detective's daughter, out to capture her and the appearance of her new rival, Maron's work is anything but easy.Akira Tachibana, a reserved high school student and former track runner, has not been able to race the same as she used to since she experienced a severe foot injury. And although she is regarded as attractive by her classmates, she is not interested in the boys around school.While working part-time at the Garden Cafe, Akira begins to develop feelings for the manager—a 45-year-old man named Masami Kondou—despite the large age gap. Kondou shows genuine concern and kindness toward the customers of his restaurant, which, while viewed by others as soft or weak, draws Akira to him. Spending time together at the restaurant, they grow closer, which only strengthens her feelings. Weighed down by these uncertain emotions, Akira finally resolves to confess, but what will be the result?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Aikawa Ayumu was revived as a zombie by the cute necromancer Eucliwood Hellscythe. After the zany, madcap adventures in the first season of Is This a Zombie? ended, Ayumu thought his life might finally get back to normal, or as normal as it can be for a zombie. However, destiny has other plans for him. Some guys just can't catch a break. (Source: FUNimation) As a child, Riki Naoe shut himself from the world, thanks to a diagnosis of narcolepsy following the tragic deaths of his parents. However, Riki is saved when, one fateful day, a boy named Kyousuke recruits him into a team who call themselves the Little Busters. Accompanied by Masato, Kengo, and Rin, these misfits spend their childhood fighting evil and enjoying their youth.Years pass, and even in high school, the well-knit teammates remain together. Kyousuke decides to re-ignite the Little Busters by forming a baseball team as it will be his last school year with them. They have a problem though: there aren't enough members! The tables have turned, for it is now Riki's turn to reach out and recruit new friends into the Little Busters, just like Kyousuke had once done for him.Then, an omen surfaces—Rin finds a strange letter attached to her cat, assigning them the duty of uncovering the "secret of this world" by completing specific tasks. Just what is this secret, and why is it being hidden? It's up to the Little Busters to find out![Written by MAL Rewrite]After recovering from the inner struggles he faced in the past, Daigo Shigeno continues to play baseball and is now the captain of Fuurin Private Academy Middle School's baseball team. Alongside Mutsuko Sakura, his classmate from elementary school, he aims to lead the team to glory. However, due to unexpected circumstances, Fuurin's baseball team is left with only six members: Daigo, Mutsuko, Yayoi Sawa, Tao Sagara, Seira Kandori, and Hiromu Tanba. Left with mostly female players and lacking in experience, the team struggles to gain confidence and trust from the new recruits—Akira Nishina, Anita Kabashima, and Chisato Fujii. Facing challenges such as having no proper coach, problematic recruits, and a limited number of members, Daigo's resolution is put to the test as he tries to bring the team together in time to participate in their first ever tournament.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Another special to accompany the release of the 14th feature film, The Lost Ship in the Sky. Along with a number of previous episodes, the original episode contained within will take place after the events of the film.Tomoya Aki, an otaku, has been obsessed with collecting anime and light novels for years, attaching himself to various series with captivating stories and characters. Now, he wants to have a chance of providing the same experience for others by creating his own game, but unfortunately, Tomoya cannot do this task by himself.He successfully recruits childhood friend Eriri Spencer Sawamura to illustrate and literary elitist Utaha Kasumigaoka to write the script for his visual novel, while he directs. Super-group now in hand, Tomoya only needs an inspiration to base his project on, and luckily meets the beautiful, docile Megumi Katou, who he then models his main character after.Using what knowledge he has, Tomoya creates a new doujin circle with hopes to touch the hearts of those who play their game. What he does not realize, is that to invoke these emotions, the creators have had to experience the same feelings in their own lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jesus Christ and Gautama Buddha, the founders of Christianity and Buddhism, are living together as roommates in a Tokyo apartment while taking a vacation on Earth. The comedy often involves jokes about Christianity, Buddhism, and all things related, as well as the main characters' attempts to hide their identities and understand modern society in Japan.After the noble Kappa Kingdom falls to the Otter Empire, the Kappa prince Keppi loses much of his power and becomes helpless against the unseen Kapa-zombies. These zombies plague the world, and are the creations of the Otters and manifestations of people's deepest desires. With no other choice, Keppi must rely on three young boys: Kazuki Yasaka, who must carry a box with him wherever he goes; Enta Jinnai, Kazuki's childhood friend; and Tooi Kuji, a delinquent and a school truant.By having the mythical organ called a shirikodama removed from them, the boys are able to become Kappa themselves and fight the Kapa-zombies. However, to defeat them, the boys must connect with each other via their minds, bodies, and—most importantly—secrets. As the Kappa Kingdom relies on these boys, they must reveal themselves as they have never done before, all the while learning that connections are fragile and truly precious things.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Even at their colleagues' wedding, the sparkling members of Marukawa Publishing's Emerald Department stand out. Having been invited to assist in providing entertainment for the guests, Masamune Takano, Ritsu Onodera, Yoshiyuki Hatori, Shouta Kisa, Kanade Mino, as well as Takafumi Yokozawa enjoy the festivities as much as their work allows.As love blossoms between two individuals, marriage marks a momentous occasion fit for self-reflection. Whether they like it or not, the men of Marukawa need to consider where their own relationships are headed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Air Trecks, also known as AT, are motorized and futuristic inline skates that are the new craze taking the nation by storm. Although each AT comes with a speed limiter, a community of daredevils known as the "Storm Riders" are brave enough to tamper with the device. Utilizing AT's in underground battles, individual teams wager valuable AT parts or team emblems—their symbol of pride—to dominate the streets.Living in this era is Itsuki Minami, a middle school student notorious for engaging in street fights. Always wanting to reach heights no one else is able to, the reckless punk will break through any obstacle that stands in his way, alongside his best friends Kazuma Mikura and Onigiri. However, it is when he discovers a pair of Air Trecks in his house that the path to his true desire finally opens: to rule the skies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shi Miao simply cannot stand her lazy, stupid, and unreliable elder brother Shi Fen, who is one year above her at the same high school. Though the two siblings can only depend on each other, Shi Miao's violent tendencies combined with Shi Fen's knack for causing trouble cause them to fight constantly. And so, Shi Miao can only hope that someone might take her brother away—even though, when push comes to shove, Shi Fen always tries to do what he believes is best for his cute younger sister.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A world where it has been established that people routinely swing between slightly different parallel worlds...Koyomi Takasaki, who lives with his mother following his parents' divorce, enrolls in a local university prep school. Due to the atmosphere concentrated on studies and his social awkwardness, Koyomi is unable to make friends. One day, he is suddenly approached by his classmate Kazune Takigawa, who tells him that she has travelled from the 85th world where she and Koyomi are lovers.(Source: MAL News)Prequel to Burn the Witch.Ryo Saeba is the top "City Hunter" around and he takes on cases with his partner Kaori. A model named Ai Shindo has been attacked and hires him to be her bodyguard. Shinji Mikuni, the president of an IT company that has hired Ai for its ad campaign, turns out to be an old friend of Kaori, and they become involved. Meanwhile, mercenaries are gathering in Shinjuku... and a major arms dealer arrives in Japan with a new weapon, but with Mikuni in the picture, Ryo and Kaori are growing apart...(Source: Official Website)During summer break, Tetsuo asks Sakie to join him on patrol duty for the local summer festival, which both the demis and Himari and her friends go to. As each group decides to check out a nearby shrine, they get spooked by some strange occurrences, which turn out to be each other. As the next term begins, Tetsuo converses with an invisible woman named Matsuri.(Source: Crunchyroll)In the 11th year of the Meiji Era, the end of the samurai shogunate and the prohibition of swords has left Japan with lasting scars. Displeased by these recent changes, many former samurai plot against the new government, inciting a wave of bloodshed. To counter this movement, the government constructs a colossal prison in the middle of Lake Biwa. Unofficially assigned to help the police arrest criminals, Tenka Kumou also serves as a ferryman to the Lake Biwa prison with the help of his two younger siblings: the ambitious Soramaru and the enthusiastic Chuutarou. Together with the former Fuma ninja Shirasu Kinjou, the Kumou brothers live a frugal and joyful life mostly dedicated to studying and training.However, behind this relatively uneventful daily routine, the specter of the "Orochi" curse is starting to spread its shadow over the city of Oumi. According to legend, every three hundred years, Orochi reincarnates in a human vessel—and it is believed that this is the harbinger of an imminent catastrophe. As various groups clash in search of Orochi's vessel, some aim to seal the curse, while others have darker plans in motion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Love Momozono is a 14-year-old student at Yotsuba Junior Highschool that tends to care more for others than for herself. One day she visits a show of the famous dance unit "Trinity" and decides to become a dancer, too. On the same event, subordinates of the Labyrinth Kingdom show up who want to collect the unhappiness of the audience. Love gets the power to change into Cure Peach and fights them. Soon after, she is joined by her good friends Miki, who is Cure Berry, and Inori, who becomes Cure Pine.(Source: ANN)The story follows three friends grappling with school, studies, and relationships. Kouki Uchiyama will play Takuya Amano, a boy who will move to Hokkaido after finishing middle school. Yui Ishikawa plays Haruka Kishi, Takuya's childhood friend. Daisuke Fujita plays Tsubasa Miyake, a mutual friend of Takuya and Haruka who attends the Eikoh Seminar school. (Source: Anime News Network)After the Kitauji High School concert band's auditions for club member participation in the Kyoto Prefectural Concert Band competition, 10 members fail to pass the strict evaluation. Despite being unable to play with the rest of the wind ensemble, the group—who decide to name themselves Team Monaka—is determined to support their peers in any way possible until the day of the competition.From carrying supplies to creating monaka-shaped good-luck charms, Team Monaka's efforts prove to be pivotal for the unforgettable, bittersweet summer in the concert band's journey toward nationals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Many of us know what it is like to transition to a new school with few to no friends in a new environment, going through the arduous process of getting to know people again. Bocchi Hitori knows this struggle all too well, having just graduated from elementary school and thrown into middle school. Unfortunately, she suffers from extreme social anxiety: she faints when overwhelmed, vomits when nervous, and draws up ridiculously convoluted plans to avoid social contact. It does not help that her only friend from elementary school, Kai Yawara, will not be attending the same middle school as Bocchi. However, wanting to help her, Kai severs ties with Bocchi and promises to reconcile with her when she befriends all of her classmates in her new middle school class.Even though Bocchi has no faith in herself, she is determined to be friends with Kai again. Summoning all of her courage, Bocchi takes on the daunting challenge of making friends with her entire class, starting with the delinquent-looking girl sitting in front of her...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Initial D: Battle Stage 3 is the eleventh and final installment of the Initial D series. It features every race from Fifth Stage and Final Stage. Unlike the previous two battle stages, it does not feature any new battles, and doesn't feature any character dialogue.(Source: Initial D Wiki)Jashin-chan is a demon who was summoned by Yurine Hanazono, a gothic looking girl. Unable to return home as the relevant spell was not included in the summoning grimoire, Jashin-chan resorts to violence to liberate herself from her earthly shackles.However, this is easier said than done, as Yurine is no weakling herself. She in fact possesses formidable physical power and uses it to massacre Jashin-chan in a variety of ways, be it shoving her arm in a blender, spreading her intestines across the room or even cooking her. Though these actions would be fatal to anyone without the ability to regenerate, Jashin-chan isn't exactly undeserving of this treatment. Stuck with each other, Yurine lets Jashin-chan live with her in exchange for work around the apartment, and this cohabitation results in situations where, more often than not, Jashin-chan ends up in pieces. [Written by MAL Rewrite]There is a popular saying: "you can never be too careful." It is very important to prepare for every situation you may face, even if it seems like an unnecessary waste of time. Also, in games like RPGs, it is good to exceed the level of your enemies to achieve total victory.These words describe Seiya Ryuuguuin a little too perfectly. After being summoned by the goddess Ristarte to save the world of Gaeabrande from destruction, the hero prepares himself for his noble journey. While this might be normal, he spends a very long time training himself, despite having overpowered stats. He fights weak enemies using his strongest skills and buys excessive amounts of supplies and potions—all to stay safe.While his attitude may be a bit annoying, it might just be the saving grace of Gaeabrande, especially considering that it is a world where the forces of evil dominate each and every expectation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Aoi Aioi lives with her elder sister, Akane, after a tragic accident took their parents away 13 years ago. Because Akane has since been taking care of her single-handedly, Aoi wants to move to Tokyo after her graduation to relieve her sister's burden and pursue a musical career, inspired by Akane's ex-boyfriend Shinnosuke "Shinno" Kanamuro. Shinno was part of a band until he left for Tokyo to become a professional guitarist after the sisters' parents passed away, and he was never to be seen again.One afternoon, while Aoi practices her bass in a guest house, she gets startled by the 18-year-old version of Shinno from 13 years ago! As if by coincidence, the current 31-year-old Shinno also returns to the town, but he has changed drastically. There are now two Shinno's in existence, but why is the Shinno from the past present?Sora no Aosa wo Shiru Hito yo revolves around these four individuals as they confront their inner feelings toward each other and make decisions that will affect their lives from here on out.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is centered around a small group of guerilla freedom fighters on a colonial planet named Deployer, who are known as the "Deployer 7", or "Sun Fang" team. In an unexpected coup, the elected Governor of Deployer becomes dictator and rules Deployer under martial law with the support of Earth's Federation. Fighting for independence from Earth's Federation influence, the freedom fighters begin a rebellion against the Federation's Combat Armors using a Combat Armor of their own: the Dougram. (Source: AniDB)In the remote and mysterious Moomin Valley live the Moomin trolls, gentle and peaceful creatures. Young Moomin and his family experience many strange adventures, both magical and mundane. Based on the children's stories by Tove Jansson.(Source: ANN)Princess Anisphia "Anis" Wynn Palletia has always dreamed of flying through the sky, even though the people of her kingdom consider it a silly ambition. Also at odds with her goal is the fact that Anis is incapable of using magic despite her noble status. Refusing to give up so easily, she renounces her right to the throne, and focuses on developing "magicology" by combining various resources with knowledge from her previous life on Earth.Due to Anis' nature, responsibility for the kingdom's future is passed onto her younger brother, Algard. Pushed into a political marriage with Euphyllia Magenta, a girl he hardly knows, Algard rebels by spending more time with a commoner girl than his fiancée. After Euphyllia tries to intervene, Algard publicly calls off their marriage and denounces his ex-fiancée as a bully.After crashing into the banquet where Algard makes the announcement, Anis rescues Euphyllia on the flying broom she is testing. She decides to make Euphyllia her assistant, which the other girl reluctantly agrees to. Although their partnership appears random at first, Anis has an ulterior motive for wanting Euphyllia's company.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.Fourth season of Xian Wang de Richang Shenghuo.Based on the Chinese manhua. Requiem Street, where evil spirits are attracted to in order to destroy them. A place where spirits and humans co-exist, not all humans can enter Requiem Street. Only those rare-soul users with guardian spirits can enter. Xia Ling was just a normal university intern, but a meeting by chance changes her ordinary life... In this world full of evil spirits, can you cooperate with your guardian spirit in order to survive? (Source: MU) Original anime DVD bundled with the 12th, 14th, and 17th volumes of the manga.After regaining her squid-like abilities, Ika Musume plans to resume her self-appointed mission to destroy all of humanity. However, her carefree job as a waitress in the Lemon beach house meant she cannot help but laze around during her spare time! On top of that, she is saddled with many problems, such as being pursued by a group of alien-obsessed individuals and catching the interest of a crazy girl. Picking up after the conclusion of the first season, Shinryaku!? Ika Musume follows the hilarious life of Ika Musume as she plots her next invasion of the surface world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2015, more than a decade has passed since the catastrophic event known as Second Impact befell mankind. During this time of recovery, a select few learned of beings known as the Angels—colossal malevolent entities with the intention of triggering the Third Impact and wiping out the rest of humanity.Called into the city of Tokyo-3 by his father Gendou Ikari, teenager Shinji is thrust headlong into humanity's struggle. Separated from Gendou since the death of his mother, Shinji presumes that his father wishes to repair their shattered familial bonds; instead, he discovers that he was brought to pilot a giant machine capable of fighting the Angels, Evangelion Unit-01. Forced to battle against wave after wave of mankind's greatest threat, the young boy finds himself caught in the middle of a plan that could affect the future of humanity forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the peaceful theocracy of Simulicram, everyone is born female. At age 17, each maiden undergoes a special ceremony where she chooses her sex. However, only Pairs of maiden priestesses can synchronize with the ancient flying ships known as Simoun needed to defend Simulicram. These Pairs refrain from undergoing the ceremony as long as they wish to keep piloting their Simoun.Aer is recruited to be a Simoun pilot after a terrifying attack by an enemy nation decimates the squadron known as Chor Tempest. To earn her wings she needs to find her way into the heart of Neviril, Regina of Chor Tempest. But Neviril's heart still belongs to her previous Pair, lost in the battle when she attempted a forbidden Simoun maneuver.(Source: Media Blasters) These are 3 episodes of about 6 minutes of pure CCS fun! Refer to any point during the series.1. Tanjou! Buchou Shiraishi Kuranosuke2. Seishun Gakuen Nanafushigi3. Kyuushuu Nitsubasa4. Jirou no MezameShizuku Mizutani is apathetic toward her classmates, only caring about her grades. However, her cold view of life begins to change when she meets Haru Yoshida, a violent troublemaker who stopped attending class after getting into a fight early in the school year. He is not much different from her, though—he too understands little about human nature and does not have any friends. Much to Shizuku's surprise, he proclaims that she will be his friend and immediately confesses his feelings toward her upon meeting her.Because of her lack of friends and social interaction, Shizuku has a hard time understanding her relationship with Haru. But slowly, their friendship begins to progress, and she discovers that there is more to Haru than violence. She begins to  develop feelings for him, but is unsure what kind of emotions she is experiencing. Together, Shizuku and Haru explore the true nature of their relationship and emotions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Urusei Yatsura story comes to a climax in this animated retelling of the final Manga story (although not the final movie). Lupa, yet another one of Lum's fiancés, arrives on the scene, and Lum and Ataru have to repeat their game of tag in order to prevent the Earth from being destroyed.All Ataru has to do to win is say "I love you" the three words he has steadfastly refused to say to Lum. Will he admit his true feelings and save the Earth? Or will his pride doom it to destruction?(Source: AniDB)Mystery CampRelaxing in the heart of nature is a constant joy for Nadeshiko Kagamihara, Aoi Inuyama, and their friends. But when the camping experience changes in unexpected ways, one can only be curious about the extraordinary wonders that have yet to be explored.Tabisuru Shima RinGathered around a campfire, the girls of the Outdoor Activities Club and Ena Saitou all propose various ideas to Rin Shima for her next trip. However, their suggestions are tailored to their personal preferences—not to mention that Rin has plans of her own. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Narumi Fujishima may seem like a normal high school student at first glance, but in reality he is a pessimistic outsider. Due to his father's work, he had to constantly transfer schools, and thus he has never managed to become a part of society. When he is forced to join the gardening club by his cheerful classmate Ayaka Shinozaki, Narumi encounters the genius hacker Alice, who lives in isolation above Hanamaru, the ramen shop where Ayaka works part-time. He then discovers that Alice is running a special private detective agency, and that all her professional associates refer to themselves as "NEET"s: Not in Education, Employment, or Training.Joining the NEET detective agency due to his personal connection with a criminal case, Narumi finds himself entangled in a world of dangerous investigations conducted by the ill-assorted group of detectives, all the while trying to track down the crime syndicate which seems to have mysterious ties to Alice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kinnikuman is a superhero... a bad one. The one day a person named Meat tells Kinnikuman that he is the prince of an alien planet. Kinnikuman must save the day numerous times fighting evil chiyojins and competing in tournaments to prove himself to his family and to gain respect and money.Second movie of Ghost in the Shell: Arise.Freed of her responsibilities with the 501 Organization, Motoko Kusanagi must now learn how to take orders from Aramaki. Someone hacks the Logicomas, and Batou enlists the help of former army intelligence officer Ishikawa and former air artillery expert Borma. Kusanagi also seeks to enlist ace sniper Saito and undercover cop Paz into the new Public Security Section 9. The two groups rival each other in a case involving a man who receives false memories of a refugee transport operation.(Source: Wikipedia) Natsumi Mizuki is a 4th grader whose parents have gone to London. Her Aunt Izumi comes to live with her. Izumi is an aspiring manga writer who is trying to get her first big break, so she doesn't have time for a baby that appears out of thin air on Natsumi's first night alone. The baby's name is Mirai and her mother is *Natsumi*, but 15 years older. Somehow, Mirai had traveled back in time. Now the young Natsumi has to raise Mirai while trying to keep her 4th grade life from falling apart and keep Mirai-chan secret from everyone. She has the dubious help of Izumi and some baby-care gadgets from the future.  (Source: ANN)High school student Sora Kashiwagi is accustomed to receiving bizarre presents from his father, who is on an expedition around the world. Unfortunately, these gifts have been nothing but nightmares. As a result, when his father sends him a huge package from Egypt, Sora prepares himself for the worst, only to be greeted by Mii-kun—a cute, pint-sized mummy! While initially wary, Sora soon learns that Mii-kun is harmless, a delicate creature yearning for attention.Throughout their amusing day-to-day lives, the unlikely pair meet other people with unique pets, while also strengthening their bond together. Although keeping a pet is a difficult task, Sora is set on caring for the lovable Mii-kun.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pokémon Generations revisits each generation of the Pokémon video game series to shed new light on some timeless moments. From the earliest days in the Kanto region to the splendor of the Kalos region, go behind the scenes and witness Pokémon history with new eyes!(Source: Official site)Enforcer Teppei Sugou, former ace pilot of the National Defence Army's 15th Integrated Task Force, is visited by a scout from the Ministry of Foreign Affairs and invited to rejoin the military. While considering the offer, he recalls his last months of service.His last mission, Operation Foot Stamp, had been a highly classified military strike against the Southeast Asian Union. The operation quickly went south for the ground forces, and Sugou's First Guardian drone was ordered in as air support to drop emergency supplies for the ground units and then return to base. Following orders against his own judgement, Sugou abandoned his comrades on the field.Many lives were lost during the operation, including Itsuki Ootomo, Sugou's commanding officer. However, three months later, following a massacre at the Ministry of Defence, Otomo was spotted at the scene on camera. Now a suspect in an act of terrorism, Sugou cooperates with Enforcer Tomomi Masaoka and Criminal Investigation Department's Division 01 as they hunt his former mentor down.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to childhood circumstances, first-year high school student Saki Miyanaga hates anything related to mahjong. When she does play the game, she keeps a low profile to avoid standing out. One day, her friend Kyoutarou Suga drags her along to the school's mahjong club. There, she meets Nodoka Haramura, the champion of the previous year's national middle school mahjong championship, and Yuuki Kataoka, a fellow club member.As the club play a few rounds, Saki attempts to hide her talent. However, the club president, Hisa Takei, notices Saki's unusual playstyle. Realizing her potential, she puts Saki's real ability to the test—proving her to be more talented than expected. This revelation damages Nodoka's pride, and their relationship gets off to a rocky start.Saki ends up joining the club, and after clearing up the misunderstandings between her and Nodoka, friendship blooms between them. As Saki slowly warms up to mahjong once again, she and the rest of her club only have one goal—to win nationals![Written by MAL Rewrite]Three months after a Lunar Attack which nearly caused Earth's destruction, Hibiki Tachibana, Tsubasa Kazanari, and Chris Yukine continue to fight the Noise—a mysterious alien threat—using powerful armor known as Symphogear. After defending an American convoy from a Noise attack, Hibiki and Chris race toward the Queens of Music concert hall to attend one of Tsubasa's concerts.  Meanwhile, Tsubasa and rising international superstar Maria Cadenzavna Eve deliver an amazing performance that is broadcast throughout the entire world. Just as the concert is about to conclude, a group of Noise suddenly appear, plunging the hall into chaos. Amidst the panic, Maria declares war against the world as the successor of Finé—Chris' former mistress—and her allies Kirika Akatsuki and Shirabe Tsukuyomi reveal Symphogear powers of their own. After initiating a skirmish with Tsubasa and her teammates, they retreat mysteriously, leaving the three friends bewildered as to what their true intentions could be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Feelings may come and go, but true love always remains in the heart. Tsumiki Miniwa is in love with her best friend, Io Otonashi. For her, confessing is nearly impossible; but to her friends, they seem to be the perfect match. Cute and petite, Tsumiki comes off more as a friend, and Io's attitude toward her is friendlier than toward others. Despite the constant teasing and obvious hints that his friends have been dropping, Io always seems to miss the signs. Throughout her everyday school life, Tsumiki spends time with her friends and Io. Will she finally muster enough courage to confess her true feelings?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Night Raid is the covert assassination branch of the Revolutionary Army, an uprising assembled to overthrow Prime Minister Honest, whose avarice and greed for power has led him to take advantage of the child emperor's inexperience. Without a strong and benevolent leader, the rest of the nation is left to drown in poverty, strife, and ruin. Though the Night Raid members are all experienced killers, they understand that taking lives is far from commendable and that they will likely face retribution as they mercilessly eliminate anyone who stands in the revolution's way.This merry band of assassins' newest member is Tatsumi, a naïve boy from a remote village who had embarked on a journey to help his impoverished hometown and was won over by not only Night Raid's ideals, but also their resolve. Akame ga Kill! follows Tatsumi as he fights the Empire and comes face-to-face with powerful weapons, enemy assassins, challenges to his own morals and values, and ultimately, what it truly means to be an assassin with a cause.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Seikichi Kuroda—self-proclaimed "guardian" and head thug of Hekikuu High School—hears rumors of a first-year transfer student named Seiichirou Kitano terrorizing his entire class, Seikichi tries to intimidate him through authority. However, things go awry when he witnesses something horrifying—Seiichirou has a face so dreadful and haunting that even Seikichi hurries away in fear.But despite his menacing appearance, Seiichirou has a heart of gold. Inhibited by his poor communication skills and fear-inducing looks, he has never managed to convey his true self to his terrified peers, resulting in his lifelong ostracization. Now the new guardian, Seiichirou discovers that sometimes friends can be found in the most unlikely places and through the most unusual circumstances.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In class 3-3 of Yomiyama North Junior High, transfer student Kouichi Sakakibara makes his return after taking a sick leave for the first month of school. Among his new classmates, he is inexplicably drawn toward Mei Misaki—a reserved girl with an eyepatch whom he met in the hospital during his absence. But none of his classmates acknowledge her existence; they warn him not to acquaint himself with things that do not exist. Against their words of caution, Kouichi befriends Mei—soon learning of the sinister truth behind his friends' apprehension.The ominous rumors revolve around a former student of the class 3-3. However, no one will share the full details of the grim event with Kouichi. Engrossed in the curse that plagues his class, Kouichi sets out to discover its connection to his new friend. As a series of tragedies arise around them, it is now up to Kouichi, Mei, and their classmates to unravel the eerie mystery—but doing so will come at a hefty price.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An extraordinary guard walks in the desert of the western regions escaping the slaughter by the government. He took a surveillance assignment bound for the Chang capital. The task was thought of as something simple, but in reality it is a path full of crises and dangers. Here begins a journey that will affect the fate of the world.A picture drama epilogue to the film Boku no Hero Academia the Movie 2: Heroes:Rising, bundled with the BD/DVD release.Comical action adventure film set in the future world, like a dystopian science fiction. Shinnosuke's future fiancee, Tamiko Kaneari comes from the future via the time machine. She says her father Masuzo Kaneari captures adult Shinnosuke in the future world and they needs the power of Shinnosuke at age 5 to rescue him. She takes Shinnosuke and Kasukabe Defense Forces members to the future big city Neotokio, which is the world ruled by Masuzo Kaneari, the president of the electric power company Kaneari Electric. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)In an old mythical world, there reside spirit-like beings who oversee the natural order of the mortal realm. One of them, a young girl named Chun, has just come of age and must undergo her rite of passage by experiencing the human world for herself. While there, she gets caught in a fishing net during a storm and is rescued by a human boy.However, the boy ends up drowning during the incident, and Chun returns to her realm full of guilt. Afterwards, she meets the Soul Keeper and decides to revive the boy in exchange for a part of her lifespan. Little does she know, meddling with the natural order of the world has severe consequences.Da Yu Hai Tang is a story about sacrifice and redemption as Chun comes to terms with the limitations of her powers and deals with death, love, and her own emotions. She must decide if she will sacrifice everything to save the human boy or forsake her moral obligation for the order of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lucy is a special breed of human referred to as "Diclonius," born with a short pair of horns and invisible telekinetic hands that lands her as a victim of inhumane scientific experimentation by the government. However, once circumstances present her an opportunity to escape, Lucy, corrupted by the confinement and torture, unleashes a torrent of bloodshed as she escapes her captors.During her breakout, she receives a crippling head injury that leaves her with a split personality: someone with the mentality of a harmless child possessing limited speech capacity. In this state of instability, she stumbles upon two college students, Kouta and his cousin Yuka, who unknowingly take an injured fugitive into their care, unaware of her murderous tendencies. This act of kindness will change their lives, as they soon find themselves dragged into the shadowy world of government secrecy and conspiracy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the Fifth Holy Grail War reaches its conclusion, Saber repeats her final duty from the previous war in order to end the vicious cycle once and for all. With the decisive blow draining her remaining mana reserves, Saber's body begins to dissipate. She utters a tearful farewell—but Rin Toosaka reaches out to her at the last moment. The future has been changed, and a new beginning awaits.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Aoi Zip Formula was banned for one year from Cyber Formula racing due to cheating, Jotaro Kaga, alias Bleed Kaga, returns for the 17th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix. However his old car is no match for the returning champion Hayato Kazami, whose skill has improved tremendously, and his Nu-Asurada AKF-0. An old face, Kyoshiro Nagumo, appears suddenly to him and offers him the Ogre AN-21: a prototype to the Bio-Computer operated Al-Zard series created by the developers of the Asurada, and an ultimate racing machine that only a few can drive. Kaga must now master this car, confront his own inner demons and, most importantly, defeat his longtime rival Hayato in what is possibly Kaga's last and greatest Cyber Formula season.(Source: ANN)Yuuji Kazami is a transfer student who has just been admitted into Mihama Academy. He wants to live an ordinary high school life, but this dream of his may not come true any time soon as Mihama Academy is quite the opposite. Consisting of only the principal and five other students, all of whom are girls, Yuuji becomes acquainted with each of them, discovering more about their personalities as socialization is inevitable. Slowly, he begins to learn about the truth behind the small group of students occupying the academy—they each have their own share of traumatic experiences which are tucked away from the world.Mihama Academy acts as a home for these girls, they are the "fruit" which fell from their trees and have begun to decay. It is up to Yuuji to become the catalyst to save them from themselves, but how can he save another when he cannot even save himself?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The massive beam of light fired from Eldora's moon has completely shattered the BUILD DiVERS' conception of Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN). This has forced Hiroto Kuga and his teammates to reevaluate their mission on Eldora now that they are faced with potentially very real consequences. Despite this, the BUILD DiVERS rejoin the fight against the One-Eyed to protect what they hold dear. In the battle that concerns the fate of both Earth and Eldora, sparks fly as Hiroto is forced to confront his past amidst the revelations of GBN's shocking secrets.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since she was young, Yuno has always had an interest in art. Now that she has been accepted to Yamabuki Arts High School, it means one thing—moving out. Living in a dorm at Hidamari Apartments alone, Yuno meets her neighbors: the hyperactive Miyako, the self-conscious Hiro, and the mature Sae. Despite their different personalities, they go to the same school, spend time together, and develop a strong friendship. Yuno's life won't be so lonely after all!Hidamari Sketch revolves around the antics and day-to-day lives of the girls living at Hidamari Apartments.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The misadventures of Issei Hyoudou, high school pervert and aspiring Harem King, continue on in High School DxD New. As the members of the Occult Research Club carry out their regular activities, it becomes increasingly obvious that there is something wrong with their Knight, the usually composed and alert Yuuto Kiba. Soon, Issei learns of Kiba's dark, bloody past and its connection to the mysterious Holy Swords. Once the subject of a cruel experiment, Kiba now seeks revenge on all those who wronged him.With the return of an old enemy, as well as the appearance of two new, Holy Sword-wielding beauties, it isn't long before Issei and his Devil comrades are plunged into a twisted plot once more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kenshiro is the heir of the legendary martial arts known as Hokuto Shinken, which can kill a man with a single blow, by striking the pressure points in the enemy's body. Hokuto Shinken can be passed only to one successor at a time. When he was chosen as the successor, he parted ways with his brothers, Toki and Raoh. The former decided to use what he knew of the art to cure people... while the latter has chosen to use his supreme strength to install peace in the world by power. Kenshiro is accompanied by Lynn and Bart, and the movie's story begins when an overlord starts kidnapping children to use them as slaves for building his own pyramid... (Source: AniDB)Eustachius no Shitamachi Sennyuu Dai Sakusen (Eustachius' Incognito Operation Downtown)To get more information about Myne and her strange background, Head Priest Ferdinand sends two nobles, Eustachius and Eckhard, to investigate everything regarding her life within her hometown. However, things do not go the way they expected.Corinna-sama no Otaku Houmon (Visiting Missus Corinna)Otto's wife, Corinna, takes an interest in the outfit that Myne wore at her baptism. Corinna summons her alongside her mother, Eva, and sister, Turi, wishing to know the procedure in making such sophisticated attire and accessories. Naturally, for Myne, she sees an excellent opportunity for profit.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Experienced head chef Nobuyuki Yazawa and friendly waitress Shinobu Senke run a traditional Japanese izakaya called Nobu—a bar known for serving a tasty array of food and drink. Welcoming any and all customers, the pair strive to showcase Nobu's exclusive menu and provide the best possible experience.However, despite its ordinary appearance, the establishment opens to the heart of Aitheria, a city from a parallel universe. As news of the restaurant's exquisite dishes spreads throughout the lands, Aitherian citizens from various social backgrounds travel to Nobu in search of new and delicious cuisine, bringing with them an empty stomach and riveting stories to tell.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The class arrives in another world and they encounter a desolate environment dominated by a rampaging magical automaton.Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all.Episode 13 of Acchi Kocchi that was included in Vol.6. Seiya Kanie, a smart and extremely narcissistic high school student, believes that the beautiful but reserved Isuzu Sento has invited him on a date at an amusement park called Amagi Brilliant Park. Much to his chagrin, not only is the location a run-down facility, the supposed date is merely a recruitment tour where Sento and Princess Latifa Fleuranza, the owner of the theme park, ask him to become the park's new manager. Their cause for desperation? As stipulated in a land-use contract, Amagi has less than three months to meet a quota of 500,000 guests, or the park will be closed for good and the land redeveloped by a greedy real-estate company.Seiya is won over by the revelation that Amagi is no ordinary amusement park; many of its employees are Maple Landers—mysterious magical beings who live in the human world and are nourished by the energy created by people having fun. Entrusted with the hopes and dreams of this far-off enchanted land, Seiya must now use his many skills to bring Amagi back on its feet, or watch it crumble before his eyes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Inspired by Yoshiharu Kubo's phenomenal performance that led Kakegawa High School to a miraculous victory in a soccer tournament, Toshihiko Tanaka decides to enter the same school as his idol and join the soccer club, hoping to become as successful as Kubo.Now a high school freshman, Tanaka is devastated as his expectations suddenly start falling apart. Kubo—the captain of the club—is absent due to illness. To make matters worse, the freshmen are not allowed to practice alongside the sophomores or become regulars on the team. The final nail in the coffin is the reluctance of Tanaka's friends, Kenji Shiraishi and Kazuhiro Hiramatsu, to join him in the club. Although Tanaka and his friends were once known as a deadly soccer trio in their junior high school days, Kenji and Kazuhiro have both quit soccer for personal reasons.When Tanaka starts to lose hope, an encounter with Kazumi Endo—a girl from his childhood—becomes the unexpected key to his freedom from despair. The disappointed Kazumi wants to see the trio reunite, so she takes matters into her own hands in her mischievous way. Thus, Tanaka's high school soccer career prepares for the kickoff.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tsubasa Oozora loves everything about soccer: the cheer of the crowd, the speed of the ball, the passion of the players, and the excitement that comes from striving to be the best soccer player he can be. His goal is to aim for the World Cup, and to do that, he’s spent countless hours practicing soccer, ever since the moment he could walk on two legs. Now, as he plays for the Barcelona team in a fierce game, it seems as though his dreams are on the verge of coming true.Captain Tsubasa: Road to 2002 tells the story of how Tsubasa climbed his way through the ranks, featuring his roots in the town of Nankatsu as well as his epic journey to master the art of soccer.A DVD-only episode bundled with the special edition Take Moon volume. Caren Ortensia attempts to control the world using money with varying degrees of success, Phantas-Moon receives a movie adaption of her T.V. show, and Shiki is involved in a love plot that spans years.   (Source: Wikipedia)The Fourth Industrial Revolution has led to the development of cutting-edge technologies that have rapidly evolved the world. As a result, schools have begun incorporating these technologies into their curriculum, leaving behind the ways of the old. One such institution is the elite Yuyu Girls' Vocational High School, where both Serufu Yua and her childhood friend, Miku "Purin" Suride, have applied. Although the tech-savvy Purin is accepted to Yuyu High, the accident-prone Serufu is rejected and enters the traditional Gatagata Girls' High School instead, driving a wedge into their friendship.On her way to class one day, Serufu gets into a bike accident, and Rei Yasaku, a passerby who attends the same school, fixes her damaged bicycle. Serufu later finds out that Rei has a passion for old-fashioned crafts and is the head of the school's Do-It-Yourself (DIY) Club—which is in danger of closing due to a lack of members.Realizing that this may be her chance to repair her relationship with Purin, Serufu joins the club in hopes of creating projects that could bring them together once more. As the DIY Club welcomes new faces, Serufu learns to build not only handicrafts but also new friendships along the way![Written by MAL Rewrite]Upon his run-in with a Vouivre—a monster known to be very dangerous—Hestia Familia's captain Bell Cranel is struck with incomprehension. Despite its preceding reputation, the supposed bloodthirsty creature happens to be crying and flees from a group of adventurers. The monster, taking the form of a terrified little girl, prompts Bell to swiftly decide to hide her. Unbeknownst to him, this act of kindness will cause massive repercussions that will soon echo throughout the entire city of Orario.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When the members of Fairy Tail aren't destroying towns or defeating powerful foes, they're attending school, travelling back in time, visiting water parks, and taking on odd jobs from strange clients. No matter where they go, a fun adventure always awaits, sometimes in the most unexpected form![Written by MAL Rewrite]Short specials from the DVDs/BDs.Furiko, meaning "pendulum," shows the highs and lows of a family of two—a high schooler, and his future wife, whom he rescues from delinquents. From the brilliant mind of comedian Tekken, comes a heartwarming story of a couple overcoming their differences even as they struggle through life. Not a moment goes by without meaning or expression in these four and a half minutes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since he was born, Baki Hanma has always known nothing but fighting—strengthening every single muscle and learning different techniques from various martial arts under the supervision of his mother, Emi Akezawa. He trains in order to prepare himself to face and eventually surpass his own father, Yuujirou Hanma, a man feared by the masses as the "Ogre" and deemed the strongest being in the world.However, when Baki realizes his mother's techniques are no longer enough, he sets out to become stronger in his own way. Seeking out powerful opponents and forming unbreakable bonds with them, he continues to grow both body and his soul, as the clock continues to tick closer toward the inevitable showdown against his father...[Written by MAL Rewrite]After contracting hepatitis A, Ezaki Yuuichi has been confined to a hospital, away from his friends and family, much to his displeasure. To relieve his boredom, he has taken to sneaking out of the hospital, usually putting himself on the receiving end of a beating from his nurse. Upon meeting a girl his age also staying in the hospital, he is immediately captivated by her beauty. Akiba Rika's personality is not quite as captivating as her beauty however. In fact, she is rather selfish, moody, and bossy. But as the two spend more time with each other, they become closer, sharing the ordinary joys and trials of a budding teenage romance, even when darkened with impending tragedy—for Rika's condition does not leave her much longer to live.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miou Aida and Haruki Serizawa might seem like polar opposites to those around them, but as the two third-years prepare to end their high school experience, they couldn't have been closer. While Miou is a shy and reserved member of the school art club that prefers to stay out of the limelight, Haruki is the boisterous and confident ace of the movie club, already winning awards for his directing prowess. However, after a previous chance encounter during their school entrance ceremony, they quickly become friends despite their stark differences in personality. But although their closeness might be growing, they've never become anything more than just that, much to the bewilderment of their friends.As their time in high school draws to a close, Miou and Haruki, along with their friends in the art and movie clubs, have just one year left to face their hidden feelings and the daunting task of deciding their future careers. The two might always be only an arm's reach away, but as Haruki chases his dream of becoming a professional movie director and Miou struggles with choosing a path for herself, they'll learn just how hard it is to get past those last 10 centimeters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having completed their Stagiaire assignments, the residents of Polar Star Dormitory and their friends visit a hot springs inn. Though they planned on relaxing, these young chefs step up to the plate when the inn's entire kitchen staff suffer accidents. Unbeknownst to them, they will not be cooking for any ordinary patrons.Sometime after this trip, Souma Yukihira's desire for worthy opponents is stoked when he, Megumi Tadokoro, and the other Autumn Election quarter-finalists are invited to the annual Autumn Leaves Viewing event. The eight Tootsuki freshmen have a special opportunity to enjoy tea with the Elite Ten Council—including the Tenth Seat Erina Nakiri, who participates alongside her first-year classmates. Though it is framed as a friendly introduction between nine promising underclassmen and nine prestigious upperclassmen, Director Senzaemon Nakiri sees this meeting for what it is: a first encounter between the current reigning elite and their eventual usurpers. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the sudden changes to Tootsuki Culinary Academy's administration, Erina Nakiri runs away from home to escape the torment of her oppressive father. Taking refuge at Polar Star Dormitory, the chaotic environment she ends up in is a far cry from her usual refined lifestyle. However, with the help of her friends, Erina gradually finds her place among the dormitory's eccentric residents—creating memorable experiences outside the world of cooking along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the Earth was destroyed by mysterious alien lifeforms known as the Gauna, surviving remnants of the human race escaped to space in the enormous generation ship Sidonia. Having drifted through space for millennia, the Sidonia found itself once more under attack from Gauna for the first time in a century.Once again facing the threat of extinction, a temporary victory against the Gauna was eked out thanks to the human-Gauna hybrid Tsumugi Shiraui and ace Guardian mech pilot Nagate Tanikaze.10 years later... The people of Sidonia enjoy a brief respite. Peaceful days pass, during which Tsumugi begins to realize her feelings for Nagate, who is now celebrated as a hero of Sidonia. However, as Captain Kobayashi has always known, as long as the Gauna remain, peace cannot last.The decision is made: a final battle, upon which rests the fate of humanity's last survivors. As the end approaches, will the crew be able to protect those they love?(Source: Polygon Pictures)Seaside Cafe is hardly what comes to mind when one thinks of a maid cafe. Hastily rebranded to jump in on the maid trend, Seaside Cafe carries no tea, offers very little in the way of service, and only gets customers from the local shopping district. Despite the cafe's humble offerings, this is where Hotori Arashiyama chooses to secretly work after school.Balancing high school, work, family, and a love life can be difficult, and Hotori manages to stumble through without the slightest bit of grace. With the help of her friends and family, she tries to navigate her way through the wild world of adolescence where barely anything normal occurs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A parody series featuring the entire cast of The Melancholy of Haruhi Suzumiya in a smaller form factor.  Among the changes are: Yuki plays eroge, Haruhi is even more obnoxiuous and loud, Mikuru is even more emotional and Koizumi harbors a deep love for Kyon.  Kyon, on the other hand, is generally the same as ever.Second season of Tian Bao Fuyao Lu.This gag comedy series focused on the adventures of a bizarre superhero powered by special cooking and fights against various aliens and other enemies threatening the planet Earth.Working for a multi-purpose space agency, Toppy and Rana make friends with Giraffe, a scientist, and go through various adventures in space. The three encounter danger at times, but their friendship always saves them just in the nick of time.(Source: Official site)In the majestic fantasy world, how does the protagonist Fang Han traverse the world with his own strength. Relying on an unyielding stubbornness to break through the mysteries of supernatural powers, and forge the physical body into an immortal body. There are endless novel magic weapons, and the brand-new prosperity of the Three Realms of Immortals, Demons and Fans will be opened by the protagonist in turn. It will take you to experience the fantasy demeanor of the immortal sect, demons, gods, kings and emperors. The protagonist will also experience the love and hatred in the world, the entanglement of grievances and resentments, and the disputes between immortals and demons. Finally lead you on the road to the top king.(Source: bilibili)The 203rd Air Mage Battalion led by Tanya is forced to fight in the southern desert, the front line. In an effort to provide some food for the harsh conditions, Colonel Rerugen sent dried pasta to the battlefield. Will Tanya and the others be able to eat the delicious pasta under the conditions of water shortage?(Source: AniDB)These are the recollections of a group of men who bet everything on their bicycles. The central pillars of their respective teams, the third years. New stories revealing their pasts are about to begin!Hundreds of years ago, the borders between the worlds of humans and youkai temporarily overlapped, resulting in many residents of both crossing over to the other side. In the years since this event, the city of Sakurashin has become a central hub for all inter-dimensional affairs—a result of both the sacred Seven Pillars around the city serving as a beacon for the youkai, and the efforts of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office in keeping the townsfolk happy. This office is composed of Hime Yarizakura, the young mayor of the city; satori Ao Nanami, who can read people's minds; half-youkai Kotoha Isone, who can summon anything by speaking a word; oni siblings, Kyousuke and Touka Kishi; and the office director Akina Hiizumi, who inherited his family's ability to force youkai back to their world.Besides volunteer and arbitration work, the Life Counseling Office also suppresses any Strikes: rare occurrences where humans are suddenly infused with youkai powers and go on a rampage. But the appearance of a sinister man signals trouble as Strikes become increasingly common, political rivals make their moves, and malicious individuals descend upon the city. As the self-appointed defenders of Sakurashin, it's up to the Life Counseling Office to protect the idyllic city they call home![Written by MAL Rewrite]Grade schooler Yuuta Tomonaga stumbles upon Deckerd, a humanoid robot under construction by the Japanese police, built to fight advanced forms of crime. Yuuta's constant contact with Deckerd gives the robot a "heart," or personality; when Yuuta is recruited as the "boss" of the "Brave Police" as a result, a true human/robot partnership occurs.(Source: Wikipedia)Kyousuke Hyoubu, an ESPer who was betrayed many years ago, is now one of the most powerful ESPers—and also a fugitive. However, behind that glare lies a kind heart. His main mission is to save ESPers who are mistreated by humans, even if that be by force. Through his methods, he has saved many ESPer lives and gained the loyalty of those he has saved. The name of his group: P.A.N.D.R.A.(Source: ANN)Mikiya Kokutou gives Shiki Ryougi a cat to watch, as he will be away for a little while. Though Shiki protests, he leaves the cat anyway, and Shiki is stuck trying to understand her new feline companion. But as luck would have it, the cat seems to have taken a liking to Mikiya and misses him.Later in another part of the city, Ririsu Miyazuki visits the place where her dear friend committed suicide. She intends to end her life as well, but she meets Fujino Asagami, a blind classmate with a traumatic past. Though the two girls don't have much in common, Asagami reminds Miyazuki of her lost friend and helps her understand her pain.Two months later, Mikiya elects to celebrate New Year's with Shiki instead of his family, which makes his sister Azaka very upset, leading to her spending the holiday with her school friends. As the snow begins to fall, Mikiya reflects on what he wishes for most of all: that Shiki's life be filled with happiness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In this new season, we will discover the backstory of Tanmoki and who will learn through his memories who was his ancestor Rakugetsu.(Source: ANN)Hikaru Shidou, Umi Ryuuzaki, and Fuu Hououji are strangers brought together by fate when they meet during a seemingly normal field trip to Tokyo Tower. Accompanied by a great flash of light, they hear a mysterious woman's plea to save "Cephiro," and the junior high heroines are suddenly swept away by a giant flying fish. Afterwards, they arrive in an unknown land, where they encounter a man called Master Mage Clef.Clef informs the girls that they were summoned by Princess Emeraude to fulfill their destinies as Magic Knights, restoring peace and balance in Cephiro. The formerly lively and peaceful land has been in disarray ever since High Priest Zagato imprisoned the princess, who acted as Cephiro's pillar of stability. The Magic Knights reluctantly accept Clef's words as truth and embark on a journey to save Cephiro from the clutches of evil.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the story, the seasons have changed and it will soon be the second spring. Tatsuya and Miyuki have finished their first year at First Magic High School and are on their spring break. The two go to their villa on the Ogasawara Island archipelago. After only a small moment of peace a lone young woman named Kokoa appears before them. She has abandoned the Naval base and she tells Tatsuya her one wish.(Source: ANN)During their discussion of a sensitive investigation A, the Fourth Raikage, and his subordinates are ambushed by a cloaked intruder. As the Kumogakure leader repels the assault, he is shocked to discover that the culprit is Naruto Uzumaki! However, the assassination attempt is not the only crime attributed to the young ninja, who vigorously denies the accusations. To avoid a diplomatic conflict, Tsunade forcibly sends him to Kusagakure's Houzuki Castle—a maximum-security penitentiary dedicated to ninja criminals—until the situation is resolved.Despite his powers being immediately suppressed by Mui, the prison's warden who possesses the ability to seal chakra, Naruto recklessly engages in futile escape attempts. But with the help of two fellow inmates, he realizes that there is more to this legendary detention facility than meets the eye. Uncovering a terrible secret, the trio embarks on a dangerous operation that may be Naruto's only chance to break free and prove his innocence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Evil Forces of Dark Joker are closing in on our planet after having destroyed the beautiful planet of Queen Earth. Now, 10 year old Moriya Ririka, with the help of her childhood friend Seiya and the mysterious Kanon, must transform into the Nurse Angel and find the elusive Flower of Life, the only way to defeat the evil forces. The Flower of Life, that once bloomed all over the Earth, is where no one thought it ever would be. And Ririka must make the hardest decision of her life in order to acquire it and rid the universe of evil once and for all. (Source: ANN)Violence, name-calling, and humiliation are a daily reality for high school student Park Hyung Suk. Chubby and insecure, he is often used as a plaything and punching bag for bullies, which leads him to wish he could just disappear. Unexpectedly, when he transfers schools in the hopes of starting anew, a miraculous opportunity emerges: he awakens in a tall, handsome, and strangely athletic body. Hyung Suk quickly realizes that he is now the owner of two disparate bodies; when one falls asleep, he wakes up in the other.Feeling like he has won the lottery of life, Hyung Suk enters his new school as this attractive and strong young man. However, it soon becomes evident that being a popular student is not all smooth sailing. From girls wanting him only for his good looks to delinquents picking fights out of jealousy, he can never seem to escape trouble. In trying to balance his two different lives, Hyung Suk may find both of them to be sources of ceaseless challenges.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Twenty-six-year-old Hiroto Suwa; his wife, Naho; and their old high school classmates—Takako Chino, Azusa Murasaka, and Saku Hagita—visit Mt. Koubou to view the cherry blossoms together. While watching the setting sun, they reminisce about Kakeru Naruse, their friend who died 10 years ago. Mourning for him, they decide to visit Kakeru's old home, where they learn the secret of his death from his grandmother.Filled with regret, Suwa and his friends decide to write letters to their 16-year-old past selves to set their hearts at rest. With the knowledge contained in the letter from his future self, 16-year-old Suwa has the chance to rewrite the future. What choices will he make? What will happen in this new future?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Most people would prefer being the protagonist of a world full of adventure, be it in a game or in another world. But, unfortunately, a certain girl is not so lucky. Regaining the memories of her past life, she realizes that she was reborn in the world of Fortune Lover—one of the games she used to play.Unfortunately, the character she was reincarnated into—Catarina Claes—is the game's main antagonist, who faces utter doom in every ending. Using her extensive knowledge of the game, she takes it upon herself to escape from the chains of this accursed destiny.However, this will not be an easy feat, especially since she needs to be cautious as to not set off death flags that may speed up the impending doom she is trying to avoid. Even so, to make a change that will affect the lives of everyone around her, she strives—not as the heroine—but as the villainess.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Equally charming and stern, Heine Wittgenstein is a brilliant man who commands respect, despite his short, childlike stature. Thus, the king of Grannzreich has called upon Heine to undertake a daunting task that has driven away many before him—become the new royal tutor to four princes who are in line for the throne.The four heirs each have very distinct and troublesome personalities: Licht, the flirtatious youngest prince; his immature older brother Leonhard; Bruno the studious third prince; and Kai, the oldest of the four and the most reserved. Hilarity ensues as Heine attempts to connect with each of the princes in order to groom them for the throne. However, Heine's mysterious past and dark undercurrents in the present may threaten the harmony within the kingdom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Paniponi Dash! special included in the DVD-Box.Aira Harune, a clumsy yet happy-go-lucky girl, is suddenly dragged into the popular world of Prism Shows—an idol show based on figure skating, where performers called "Prism Stars" wear outfits encased in Prism Stones and perform stylistic Prism Jumps. Captivated by the dazzling fashion and gorgeous Prism Jumps, Aira decides to become a Prism Star herself.  She soon encounters the hot-headed Rizumu "Rhythm" Amamiya, who desires to perform the legendary Prism Jump “Aurora Rising”; as well as the prideful Mion Takamine, who dreams of becoming the brightest Prism Star above the rest. The journey of these girls is marked by friendship, growth, and unexpected encounters. Can they perform Prism Jumps high enough to reach their dreams and become the next Prism Queens?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A new special episode that was distributed to those who purchase all three Blu-ray box sets of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei series on January 31, 2012. Following the events of Senki Zesshou Symphogear G, Hibiki Tachibana, Tsubasa Kazanari, and Chris Yukine continue to operate under the command of Genjuurou Kazanari. Meanwhile, Maria Cadenzavna Eve, Kirika Akatsuki, and Shirabe Tsukuyomi are taken into protective custody. With peace restored, everyone returns to their daily lives; however, the appearance of the alchemist Carol Malus Dienheim and her subordinates—the "Autoscorers"—threatens to draw everyone back into a conflict. Armed with a strange and magical power, Carol wishes to initiate the apocalypse and bring destruction to the world... and she is willing to sacrifice everything to do so. Against this mysterious new foe, the six Symphogear wielders must rise to the challenge in order to protect what they hold dear. However, will Carol and her Autoscorers prove to be too much to handle in this fight to protect the fate of the world?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Shen Lan Qi Yu Wushuang Zhu.There are some things that people are unable to say while they are alive; for these, there are "shigofumi," letters carried from the world of the dead to the world of the living. When a person with strong emotions dies, they are able to create a shigofumi, whether their feelings are of love, longing, or resentment. It is the quiet and mysterious Fumika's job to deliver these messages from the departed. Along with her talking magic staff Kanaka, she ensures that each shigofumi reaches its intended recipient, even if that person does not want to face its contents.Fumika witnesses the tragedies of people, both dead and alive, and sees their deepest secrets revealed. What is unclear, however, are the details of Fumika's past. Who was she before she came to be a carrier of shigofumi?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episodes that were only released on the DVD afterwards and didn't air on TV. Episode numbers: 7.5, 9.5, 10.5, 12.5.For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the Kamichu! DVD/BD box set, see the More Info tab.Ron Kamonohashi, the best student in the history of the elite Detective Training Academy BLUE, has been living as a recluse since BLUE expelled him five years ago. Moreover, he is forbidden to work as a detective, having barely escaped execution after getting involved in a murder case while he was still attending the school. Ron's situation changes drastically when police detective Totomaru Isshiki, following the advice of a senior colleague, seeks him out for help with a criminal case that has remained unsolved for months. Ron reluctantly agrees to help Totomaru and uses his phenomenal intuition to discover the culprit in less than a day. However, it appears that Ron suffers from a mysterious condition that can cause those around him to lose their lives. To Ron's great surprise, Totomaru manages to save the life of someone whom Ron put in jeopardy.As the unlikely duo starts solving crimes one after another, BLUE sends operatives after its former student to find out if he has resumed investigative work. Fighting against murderers, rogue detectives, and the Metropolitan Police Department, Ron and Totomaru must join forces if they want to survive and see justice prevail.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With strange events occurring at Reien Girls' Academy during winter break, Azaka Kokutou, a student and apprentice mage, is sent by her master to investigate. It turns out that another mage has been stealing the students' memories using fairies that, despite her magical talent, are invisible to Azaka. So Shiki Ryougi, an acquaintance with special eyes who can see what Azaka cannot, is also sent to the academy to help with the crisis.  However, the two have trouble getting along, mainly due to the fact that Azaka views Shiki as her romantic rival. But when the fairy situation quickly spirals out of control and more layers of the mystery are revealed, Azaka must learn to work with Shiki in order to save her classmates.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Business deals are usually made through meetings and contracts; but in the world of Kengan Ashura, businesses resort to other means to make their decisions: by hiring gladiators. Yabako Sandrovich's Kengan Ashura depicts a world brimming with action, violence, and martial arts—one where powerful gladiators have fought in grand arenas since the Edo Period to settle the disputes of wealthy businesses and merchants.Ouma Tokita, who is nicknamed "The Ashura," is a fighter trying to prove himself as the strongest. Hideki Nogi, a member of the Nogi Group, hires Ouma to fight for him and makes Kazuo Yamashita, an average middle-aged man, his manager. The duo is thrown into fights facilitated by the Kengan Association. Their journey will be full of ruthless battles with other fighters aiming for the same goal. Do they have what it takes to be the best?[Written by MAL Rewrite]We lay our scene in the fair Dahlia Academy, where two countries, both alike in dignity, come together; the "Black Doggies" of the Eastern Nation of Touwa and "White Cats" of the Principality of West have a longstanding feud. Romio Inuzuka and Juliet Persia, leaders of their respective dorms, seem to be bitter enemies.In reality, however, Romio and Juliet are hopelessly in love, but revealing their relationship would call upon the ire of all their comrades. They hide their love to maintain peace, but a clandestine relationship means they miss out on many of the activities couples get to do. As they grow closer together, Romio and Juliet must come to terms with the fact that keeping their relationship a secret may prove to be impossible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The day is as normal as it can be in high school as the students peacefully go about their everyday activities until an unprecedented catastrophe strikes the school, killing every person in its wake. Guided by what seems to be a miracle, a handful of students are fortunate enough to be reincarnated into another world as nobles, princes, and other kinds of people with prestigious backgrounds.One girl, however, is not so lucky. Being reborn as a spider of the weakest kind, she immediately experiences the hardships of her dire situation. Even so, she must press on to survive the numerous threats that endanger her life. Discovering that her new world has a system like that of an RPG, she tries her best to hunt prey and defeat monsters to level up and evolve. As she gradually grows stronger, she hopes one day her efforts will be rewarded, and that she will be granted a better life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Kyuuketsuki Sugu Shinu.Includes 3 special Mini Dragon episodes released within Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon S's broadcast period and 5 BD/DVD extras.Edo-period Japan stands strong and proud, decades after its imminent doom was prophesied. The new shogun, Yoshimune "Nobu" Tokugawa, encounters an array of traditions that, to her modern judgment, make little sense. An epidemic exclusively rages among men, resulting in men making up only one-fifth of the population. Still, three thousand young, agile, and beautiful men serve in the Oooku—the shogun's Inner Chambers.To unearth the origins of the existing hierarchy where women head their families and govern the nation, Nobu reviews the chronicles of the odd disease. Customs and traditions have changed to accommodate for the plague; these new laws dictate the current culture and reflect the cruel story of the first female shogun, Iemitsu Tokugawa. Most notably, these customs seem to lead back to the moment a young monk, Arikoto Madenokoji, must abandon his way of life and devote his remaining days to the shogun and her Oooku.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Saki Miyanaga, along with the rest of Kiyosumi High School's mahjong team, proceeds to the national level of the Interhigh Mahjong Championship. However, reaching the top will prove difficult as she faces opponents on par with and, quite possibly, exceeding her skills. Even so, she refuses to back down, vowing to stop at nothing to fulfill her goal: to see her sister face-to-face once more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Otokojuku: a private school for juvenile delinquents that were previously expelled from normal schools. At this school, Japanese chivalry is taught through feudal and military fundamentals. Similar to an action film, the classes are overwhelmed by violence. Only those who survive it become true men.(Source: ANN)The world has become a slaughtering ground for the Crimson Denizens, mysterious beings from a parallel universe who thrive on the life energy of humans. These merciless murderers only leave behind scant remainders of souls called "Torches," which are mere residues that will eventually be destroyed, along with the very fact of the victims' existence from the minds of the living. In an ambitious endeavor to put an end to this invisible, hungry massacre, warriors called Flame Hazes relentlessly fight these monsters.One fateful day, Yuuji Sakai ceases to be a regular high schooler—he becomes trapped in a crevice of time and is suddenly attacked by a Denizen. Coming to his rescue just in the nick of time is a nameless hunter who seems no different from an ordinary young girl except for her blazing eyes and burning crimson hair. However, before Yuuji can learn anything more about his situation, he discovers that he has already been reduced to a Torch—merely a scrap of memory waiting to be extinguished.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth season of Aggressive Retsuko.Disillusioned with the afterlife, a new student causes a scene during a classroom test and expresses his doubts about whether getting good grades can really lead to escaping the school and ascending to Heaven. Afterwards,  he is confronted by the new student council president—a familiar face whose past experiences give him powerful insight into the true nature of the school and first-hand knowledge regarding the futility of rebellion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the average Japanese high school student, walking to school can be a chore, but for first-year Chio Miyamo, it's always an adventure. Constantly running late due to her long night sessions playing video games, she is forced to come up with new routes to make it to Samejima Private Academy on time. On her many bizarre journeys to school, Chio contends with obstacles like street-blocking detours, overzealous kabaddi players, and befuddled motorcycle gang leaders. But these minor hindrances are no match for the special ops training that Chio, AKA the legendary assassin "Bloody Butterfly," has received from her extensive gaming obsession. Together with her best friends Manana Nonomura and Yuki Hosokawa, Chio will do whatever it takes to avoid her school's harsh penalties for tardiness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With her previous triumphs under her belt, Leila Malcal has now been promoted to Lieutenant Colonel and commanding officer of W-0. After having foiled an attempt to kidnap the General of the European army, she recruits the three perpetrators in order to make up for the lack of W-0's pilots. Ayano Kosaka, Yukiya Naruse, and ringleader Ryou Sayama accept, in hopes of finding a place to belong. When they are ordered to perform a commando raid by dropping into enemy lines, Leila decides to join them to prevent unnecessary casualties.As the unit rushes into the fight, Akito finds himself possessed by an uncontrollable lust for violence, slaughtering anyone that gets in his way. Little does he know, he is soon to come face to face with the one responsible for placing the bloodthirsty curse upon him, someone he is far too familiar with...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sequel to DAYS.The final match against Touyin Gakuin for National High School Soccer Tournament Tokyo Preliminary.(Source: MAL News)Infected Digimon—digital monsters who have begun acting in a berserk manner and experiencing a bizarre increase in power—are invading the real world. While Maki Himekawa and Daigo Nishijima, agents of the mysterious Incorporated Administrative Agency, attempt to learn more about these disruptive appearances, most of the Chosen Children are busy preparing for Tsukishima General High School's summer festival.Mimi Tachikawa, having recently returned to Japan after living in the United States for years, struggles to find her footing among her classmates and fellow Chosen Children. Meanwhile, by throwing himself into his studies, Jou Kido has been deliberately avoiding all issues related to Digimon, causing his partner Gomamon to run away. Mimi and Jou's individual actions cause friction within the group even as the threat of infected Digimon still looms over them. Will the two resolve their personal conflicts in time to help their friends fight off the latest threat?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing his adventure to get stronger in order to traverse deeper into the "Dungeon," Bell Cranel wanders the Orario city streets with his friends and the goddess Hestia. That evening, the city is filled with stalls and games as it celebrates the Holy Moon Festival.Hermes, a god, hosts one such activity where participants are asked to pull a spear embedded in a crystal boulder; those who succeed will receive a special gift: a trip around the world and a divine blessing from the gods! Bell and his merry group challenge one another to claim the prize. But behind the facade of an innocent party game lies a preface for a daring quest ahead.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A freak accident during the 12th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix causes Hayato Kazami to miss the rest of the season, and critically injures both his body and his will to continue racing. Hayato's longtime friend, Asuka Sugo, helps nurse him back to health, and in return he proposes to her and promises her that he would never race again. But as time goes on, Hayato begins to doubt whether he really wants to retire, and decides to make a comeback after all. And with the 13th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix now underway, he must struggle to regain his racing form; regain the trust of Asuka, whose promise he broke; and thwart the malicious intents of Henri Clayton. All the while, the reason behind Hayato's accident begins to unveil itself: the "Zero Zone."(Source: ANN)The series consists of mostly stand-alone episodes which retell different fairy or folk tales.  Despite the title, they are not all based on fairy tales collected by the Grimm Brothers.Special episodes released with the Hetalia: The Beautiful World BD/DVDs.Include 4 episodes:Extra 1: Buon San Valentino - First PartExtra 2: Buon San Valentino - Last PartExtra 3: The Centennial GiftExtra 4: Liechtenstein and the Hedgehog CountryJoshiraku follows the conversations of five rakugo storyteller girls relating the odd things that happen to them each day. Their comedic and satirical chatting covers all kinds of topics, from pointless observations of everyday life, to politics, manga, and more. Each girl has something new to add to the discussion, and the discourse never ends in the same place it began.Each of the rakugo girls has their own unique personality, with the energetic but immature Marii Buratei; the seemingly cute Kigurumi Haroukitei; the inherently lucky and carefree Tetora Bouhatei; the calm and violent Gankyou Kuurubiyuutei; and the pessimistic and unstable Kukuru Anrakutei. These girls—and their mysterious friend in a wrestling mask—give their observations to the audience, either backstage at the rakugo theater or in various famous locations around Tokyo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the kingdom of Highland, fairies lived freely until humans betrayed them. Once a fairy has been stripped of a wing, whoever possesses it holds the fairy's life in their hands. Taking advantage of this, humans enslaved fairies, but 15-year-old Ann Halford longs to see the day when fairies and humans are treated as equals.The aspiring confectioner dreams of becoming a Silver Sugar Master just like her late mother. In order to achieve this lofty goal, Ann sets out for the capital of Lewiston, home to the annual Royal Candy Fair. However, to be bestowed the elusive title, Ann's confection crafted from silver sugar must be recognized with a royal medal at the event.Ann hires a sharp-tongued warrior fairy, Shall Fen Shall, to be her bodyguard for the perilous journey ahead. After saving him from his cruel fairy trader, she promises to return Shall's wing to him once they reach the capital, much to his confusion. But as the pair travel further along, the time they spend together grows, and they learn more about each other and their true desires.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, a majority of humans have left the Earth, and the Galactic Alliance of Humanity is founded to guide exploration and ensure the prosperity of mankind. However, a significant threat arises in the form of strange creatures called Hideauze, resulting in an interstellar war to prevent humanity's extinction. Armed with Chamber, an autonomous robot, 16-year-old lieutenant Ledo of the Galactic Alliance joins the battle against the monsters. In an unfortunate turn of events, Ledo loses control during the battle and is cast out to the far reaches of space, crash-landing on a waterlogged Earth.On the blue planet, Gargantia—a large fleet of scavenger ships—comes across Chamber and retrieves it from the ocean, thinking they have salvaged something of value. Mistaking their actions for hostility, Ledo sneaks aboard and takes a young messenger girl named Amy hostage, only to realize that the residents of Gargantia are not as dangerous as he had believed. Faced with uncertainty, and unable to communicate with his comrades in space, Ledo attempts to get his bearings and acclimate to a new lifestyle. But his peaceful days are about to be short-lived, as there is more to this ocean-covered planet than meets the eye. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Koguma, a reserved second-year high school student, has nothing—no parents, hobbies, friends, or goals. On her way home one afternoon, she visits a vehicle shop in hopes of acquiring a motor scooter. With only enough money to make ends meet, she is disheartened by the price tags and prepares to turn back. However, as she is about to leave, the shop's owner offers her a pre-owned Honda Super Cub for ten thousand yen. Believing that the motorcycle will help brighten her monotonous world, she accepts the deal. As Koguma journeys through her town on small adventures with her Super Cub, she begins to build irreplaceable friendships and eagerly advances toward her new life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bokutou Precinct rarely deals with criminals more nefarious than speeding sportscar drivers. So when Officers Nikaido Yoriko and Aoi Futaba find a cache of illegal firearms in a stolen car, and a rash of traffic control malfunctions snarls traffic along Tokyo's streets, it is up to Tokyo's finest to figure out what's gone wrong. And of course, it'll take the talents of Kobayakawa Miyuki and Tsujimoto Natsumi to crack the case. But will Miyuki's trusty Mini-Pat and Natsumi's fierce determination be enough to stop a devious mastermind from exploiting the weaknesses of the system and crippling Tokyo—and the world—for good?(Source: AnimeNfo)In 1925 (year 14 of the Taisho era) baseball is still quite unknown in Japan and there are only a few male teams. After being told by a baseball player that women should become housewives instead of going to school, 14-year-old Akiko invites her friend Koume to start a baseball team in order to prove him wrong. During this time, when even running was considered too vulgar for women, baseball is known as "what the boys do" and they face many difficulties when having to find enough members, to get permission from their parents and also when learning about the sport itself, which they soon discover to be more difficult than expected.The second arc of Tales of Symphonia that takes place in the flourishing world of Tethe'alla. This OVA takes place up to two-thirds of the game, prior to the Derris-Kharlan arc.This special received a TV airing on June 17, 2012. The 9th Blu-ray volume containing episodes 24-26 was released on June 28, 2012.Thorfinn, shown initially as he appears as a member of Askeladd's raiders, cuts down some men in the middle of a raid. When he enters a nearby house, he finds a family cowering within.(Source: ANN, edited)Li Yao, a genius craftsman, has been unable to break through the bottleneck due to the low development of his psychic powers, and then he obtained 40,000 years of cultivation by chance. Knowledge, thus opened up, but still missed the joint entrance examination. With the encouragement of friends and mentors, relying on his willpower to regain the opportunity to participate in the joint entrance examination, he finally entered the university of his choice and entered the story of realizing his dream of becoming a craftsman.(Source: Tencent Video)Third season of Yao Shen Ji."Tsuki ni Naku" will take the story content from volume 11 of the manga, which features a visit to a onsen by the members of the Hiizumi Life Councelling Office, while the town's police force have to deal with a new youkai-hunter threat.This OVA is bundled with the limited edition of the manga (14th, 15th, and 16th).Yuusei Fudou is out to get back what was stolen from him.The world of dueling has evolved, with Riding Duels becoming the peak of entertainment for the residents of Neo Domino City. They are played on D-Wheels, a hybrid between Duel Disks and motorbikes. After the mechanically skilled Yuusei managed to build his own D-Wheel, his former friend Jack Atlas stole it alongside Yuusei's best card, Stardust Dragon; ditching their decrepit hometown of Satellite, he escaped to Neo Domino City.In the two years since then, Jack has risen to the top of the dueling world, while Yuusei has been making preparations thanks to the help of his friends. With his new D-Wheel finished, he now sets off to Neo Domino City, his only goal to find Jack. Unbeknownst to either of them, there are far bigger things at stake than they can imagine, with puppeteers pulling the strings behind the scenes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sakurai Tomoki has settled into his life with the two angeloids, Ikaros and Nymph, and is enjoying himself immensely.  However, he keeps having weird dreams and asks all of his friends to help him investigate the cause.Nymph conjures up a device that enables people, but not angeloids, to enter other people's dreams.  The device malfunctions at first but eventually they get to what was supposed to be Tomoki's dream but discover that something is very wrong with it.Later, a meteor comes crashing down from the skies at the site of the large cherry blossom tree where Tomoki first discovered Ikaros.  An extremely well endowed blonde angeloid with a huge sword emerges from the meteor and sets off in search of Tomoki!Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes.The story takes place in the land of Amber Ground, a place of perpetual night only partially illuminated by an artificial sun. Lag Seeing works as a "Letter Bee" (delivery boy) at the "Bee Hive" (a delivery service), with his Dingo, Niche, and her "pet," Steak, traveling with him. He is entrusted with the "hearts" of the everyone in Amber Ground to deliver their packages.(Source: Wikipedia)Hyoutei Academy's excessively wealthy and prideful tennis captain, Keigo Atobe, decides to host a giant one-day inter-school festival in order to bring together the middle school tennis circuit. The festival exudes class and wealth, befitting its host. The extravagant occasion is filled with many attractions, with the most major event being a fierce relay race between all of the schools in attendance. However, Atobe has his own reasons for hosting this Super Tennis Festival; it seems that the special day is all for a certain someone among the festival attendees.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Megumi-chan is a girl with a secret past. She used to be a boy until she met a person she thought was a magic user. This person gave him/her a magical book from which a genie appears to grant one wish when blood is applied to it. Megumi made the wish to be a man in a man's body but the genie has a twist: he grants wishes backwards so he turns Megumi-kun aged 9 to Megumi-chan. Years pass and Megumi enters High School where she immediately beats up the school bully who of course falls in love with her. She is looking for that book again to be able to reverse the spell placed upon her.(Source: ANN)With Kotetsu back on the First League, the buddy system is now the big new project of HeroTV. Two heroes fighting crime back to back due to the popularity of the famous duo: Wild Tiger and Barnaby Brooks Jr.With new heroes protecting Sternbild City, the ability of both veteran and rookies will be put to the test as they find what it means to rely on others to do to what is best for the city they are trying to protect.Continuing after the Level Upper incident, another phenomenon torments Misaka. A phenomenon called "Someone's Watching," its effect feels like the electricity in one's body flow backwards. With the help of her friends, Misaka fights against the unknown enemy.Two unaired episodes included in the DVD Set release of Tonari no Seki-kun series.#1. Field Trip (Rinkan Gakkou) (first volume)#2. Snow Playing (Yuki Asobi) (second volume)22-ji no Annaibito (The 22 O'Clock Guide)Refusing to accept the death of her beloved dog, Choco, a young girl named Chiyo falls asleep, only to wake up in the Night World. She is greeted by Yoru, an entity that guides her through the realm of the darkest, most beautiful time of day. As Chiyo learns to cope with the loss in her heart, the starless world around her begins to light up.26-ji no Sagashimono (The 26 O'Clock Search)Since childhood, best friends Hina and Tsumugi have used an exchange diary as a token of their friendship. Angered that Hina wants to open up the diary to include a new girl she has befriended, the jealous Tsumugi throws it away. Upon falling asleep, she wakes up in front of a labyrinth within the Night World. Initially refusing to take Yoru's help, Tsumugi searches for an answer to her predicament, but she is confronted by her feelings of loneliness instead. 4-ji no Tegami (The 4 O'Clock Letter)Another morning is approaching, and the thought fills Akatsuki with dread. Dejected from her inability to build a career, she begins to throw away her art pieces, stumbling upon an old sketchbook in the process. Within the book is a letter from a former friend who, a long time ago, had given her hope. As she continues going through her belongings, Akatsuki starts to remember the friend's identity—and she might even discover her fading passion for painting.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Misaki Yata is a youth whose reckless and immature attitude has led him to be shunned by his classmates. Saruhiko Fushimi is a loner who views the world in a pessimistic way. Despite being polar opposites, the two become the best of friends.(Source: TubiTV)Hino Kahoko goes to a summer training camp to play the violin with all the members who participated in the concours.Also known as "La Corda d'oro - Special Episode 26"Compilation film of the three Kizumonogatari movies.Hiroki Fujisawa and Takuya Shirakawa harbor admiration for two things in their life: their classmate Sayuri Sawatari and the vast Ezo Tower that stands boundlessly across the Tsugaru Strait. Fascinated by the limitless structure beyond their reach, Hiroki and Takuya begin constructing an aeroplane from a fallen drone they discovered—naming it the Bella Ciela—to fulfill their dream of one day reaching the sky-scraping top of the tower. Later joined by the girl they love, Hiroki and Takuya promise Sayuri to fly with her to the seemingly otherworldly top together. However, Japan has suffered a North-South partitioning that has fueled conflict near the base of the tower, which marks the border between the America-controlled Southern islands and the Northern lands occupied by the Soviet Union.Further along, Sayuri suddenly disappears, and Hiroki and Takuya never see her again. Unbeknownst to them, she fell victim to a sleeping disorder that left her comatose for the past three years. Although Hiroki and Takuya later learn about Sayuri's condition, they also discover that the girl's unconscious state is oddly linked to the same tower the trio had promised to conquer together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miki Koishikawa is a high school student who enjoys a very simple life. However, her ordinary life is about to be turned upside down, and she may not be able to handle everything that is coming her way.After a very "fun" holiday in Hawaii, her parents have decided to get a divorce. As if this wasn’t enough of a shock for the poor girl, she also discovers that they will soon be re-marrying and swapping partners with another couple who they met on holiday. In order to include Miki in this shocking turn of events, they ask her to give the new couple a chance, and set up a dinner date with everyone. Miki may have tried to be emotionally prepared for her new parents, but what she was not expecting was their handsome son Matsuura Yuu.Miki develops an instant crush for Yuu. What starts off as a lovely friendship between them soon develops into romantic feelings which they are both finding hard to control. But more trouble is ahead in their relationship, as both Miki and Yuu have admirers of their own who are trying very hard to keep them separated.The luscious hills of Koumi Island are one of many reasons tourists pay its shores a visit—a reason that comes second only to its scenic coral reefs and the legend of Anne Bonnie and Mary Read. The museum that houses the cutlass and pistol of the daring pirate duo does wonders for the small island's tourism. On a trip to the island, the famous Kogorou Mouri is joined by his daughter Ran, her best friend Sonoko Suzuki, the Detective Boys, and Conan Edogawa. Following a mix up at the hotel regarding their rooms, the group encounters treasure hunters and becomes acquainted with the island's treasure fever. Sent on a hunt of their very own, the Detective Boys scour the isle; while in far harsher waters, Conan discovers a murder. The police, following a clue from a recent robbery, arrive soon after, and Koumi is plunged into chaos. What follows is a mad dash by not only the treasure hunters but also the inhabitants of Koumi to secure Anne and Mary's long lost booty. All the while, however, Conan, Kogorou, and the police search for the one thing far greater than riches—justice.[Written by MAL Rewrite] The year is AD 2225. Kouji Aiba and Aoi Housen are serving as astronauts in-training in Liebe Delta which is located on the edge of the Geduld Sea. When saboteurs with unknown intents suddenly strike during a routine dive procedure, the space station plummets into the Geduld, a plasma field that links all the planets like a nervous system and crushes any ship that strays too far into it. With all the adults onboard killed, the young astronauts will have to survive this long journey home in midst of the growing tension amongst each other. Meanwhile the organizers of the sabotage look on and prepare to attack once more. New Initial D Movie: Battle Digest is a compilation film in the New Initial D Movie series. It features the battle scenes from the Initial D Legends films with a new soundtrack, in a similar fashion to the Battle Stages.(Source: Initial D Wiki)Lamune is an ordinary 4th grade boy who loves playing video games. He buys one from a peddler girl and helps her sell the rest. At home, he plays the game called "King Sccasher" & beats it. The peddler girl then comes out of the TV screen and asks for his help, calling him "The Blood Relative of the Chosen Hero Lamuness". She is Princess Milk and takes him to Hara-Hara World where his role is to revive the Guardian Knights. To do this, he had to find an unlock the shrine which held Tama-Q, a robot who became Lamuness' Advisor Robot, and key to freeing the Guardian Knights. All of the Knights are free-thinking mechas except for King Sccasher which is piloted by Lamuness. Opposing Lamuness is Don Harumage and his minions Da Cider and Lesuka. (Source: ANN)Rentt Faina, a 25-year-old adventurer, has been hacking away at monsters for a decade. Without much talent for the job, Rentt finds himself stuck hunting slimes and goblins for meager amounts of coin every day. Little does he know, all this is about to change when he comes across a seemingly undiscovered path in the Water Moon Dungeon.What awaits him at the end of the path, however, is neither treasure nor riches, but a legendary dragon that wastes no time swallowing him whole! Waking up a short time later, Rentt finds himself not quite dead, but not very alive either―He is nothing more than a pile of bones! Armed with nothing but his trusty sword, tool belt, and ghoulish new looks, Rentt sets off on his quest as a newly reborn skeleton to achieve Existential Evolution, hoping to one day return to civilization with a more human form.Will Rentt succeed, or will the dungeon consume him for the rest of his un-death...?(Source: J-Novel Club)Taeko Okajima is a 27-year-old, independent woman who spent her entire life in Tokyo. Looking to unwind from the rush of the big city, she decides to visit her family in the country to help out during the harvest.On the train there, Taeko vividly recalls her memories as a schoolgirl in the initial stages of puberty, as if she is on a trip with her childhood self. A young farmer named Toshio picks her up at the station, and they quickly develop a friendship. During her stay, Taeko forms strong bonds with family and friends, learning the contrasts between urban and rural life, as well as the struggles and joys of farming.Nostalgic and bittersweet, Omoide Poroporo takes on Taeko's journey as an adult woman coming to terms with her childhood dreams compared to the person she is today.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As Nami has fallen seriously ill, the Straw Hats head to Drum Island in search of a doctor. However, they learn that there is only one doctor left on the island, the reclusive Dr. Kureha who currently resides at the top of a mountain. With a sick Nami in tow, Monkey D. Luffy and Sanji set out on an arduous journey to seek her help. Meanwhile, the return of Wapol—Drum Island's former king—and his brother spells trouble for the island's inhabitants. As the one responsible for the current lack of doctors, Wapol has finally returned to take back his position as the people's despot and absolute ruler.With the help of new allies like the half-human reindeer Chopper Tony Tony, the Straw Hat Crew must overcome all the obstacles in its way to save Nami's life and stop Wapol from plunging Drum Island back into tyranny. [Written by MAL Rewrite](Source: Wikipedia) With the start of the Chopin piano competition, Kai Ichinose, Shuuhei Amamiya, and many other hopeful musicians from around the world strive to reach the top. The stakes have never been higher, and the judges are rigorous when it comes to selecting the winner out of the plethora of talented pianists. This competition is so harsh that even famous prodigies can be easily eliminated. Some play for the money, some play to fulfill their duty to their families, and yet others play for their music to be heard. However, the only one who can reach the top is the one who embodies the spirit of the music Frédéric Chopin crafted for future generations. With the stakes higher than ever before, rivalries, friendships, and family ties will be tested, and each pianist will find their own sound.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An animated series created to celebrate 25 years of the global entertainment franchise. Each episode will take fans on a journey through all the known regions of the Pokémon world.(Source: Anilist)Thanks to the Sibyl System, the mental states of society can now be measured on a numerical scale. Using these "crime coefficients," a culprit can be apprehended before they ever commit a crime. But is it a perfect system? For Inspectors Kei Mikhail Ignatov and Arata Shindou, that remains to be seen, as their career with the Public Safety Bureau's Crime Investigation Department has only just begun. Shindou and Ignatov are assigned to investigate the crash of a ship carrying immigrants, but they begin to suspect that it was no mere accident. Meanwhile, a mysterious group called Bifrost is observing them from the shadows, but they are not the only ones who have taken an interest in the two new Inspectors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Saihate no Paladin.In the far distant future, on a planet that might have been called "earth", there was a war between samurai who mechanized their bodies. After the long war, people enjoyed a modest peace.Facing starvation and abductions at the hands of fearsome mechanized bandits (Nobuseri), the farmers of Kanna Village make the dangerous choice to hire samurai for protection. The village's water priestess, Kirara, her younger sister, Komachi, and a heartbroken villager, Rikichi, set off to hire willing samurai with nothing to offer but rice from their meager harvests. Through dangerous encounters and a bit of luck, seven samurai of varying specialties and experience are gathered for an epic battle against the bandits and the merchants that influence them.Samurai 7 is based loosely upon Kurosawa Akira's famous movie "Seven Samurai"/"Shichinin no Samurai"Announcement for 3-nen Z-gumi Ginpachi-sensei.Katakura Kippei is in every way a high school playboy. Spending his days flirting with any girl he can see, responsibility is the last thing on his mind. Life takes an unexpected turn for him as one day he returns home to find himself with the full-time task of caring for his 5-year-old cousin. Kippei's aunt Miyako had disappeared, appearing to have abandoned his cousin, Yuzuyu. With Kippei's lack of responsibility and knowledge of childcare and Yuzuyu's injured heart with the disappearance of her mother, their time together is in for a bumpy ride.One normal school day, Rikka Takanashi notices Makoto Isshiki secretly passing a flash drive to Yuuta Togashi. Curious, Rikka talks to her friends about the case, who agree that Yuuta is hiding something from her. They decide to discover the contents of the flash drive by any means necessary, but to their surprise, it merely contained pictures of an idol that Yuuta adored back in middle school. However, Rikka takes offense, as she claims that this breaks their contract as lovers and demands Yuuta to return the flash drive.Although having seen Yuuta return the flash drive, she still felt uncertain about the situation. This leads to her sneaking into Yuuta's room during the night, only to find out that the flash drive had not been returned! Scanning through its contents, she hurriedly rushes to bed when Yuuta enters her room. To her terror, she finds the flash drive crushed due to her negligence in keeping it in a safe place. Yuuta quickly finds out and demands an apology. However, Rikka too, demands an apology from him, resulting in both of them refusing to be the one to apologize first. Will the two lovebirds be able to resolve their argument?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hiroshi got a slipped disk due to a back injury. He was taken to an Este salon by a mysterious beautiful girl who appeared suddenly, to receive a free trial of beauty treatment as well as a massage. When Hiroshi returned home after a beauty treatment, he was surprised to see himself in the form of a robot. Shinnosuke gets overjoyed, whereas Misae gets worried on seeing him as a naked robot. The robot version of Hiroshi turns out to be convenient. The robot Hiroshi could be controlled by a remote control and pretty much do anything including cooking and cleaning. Meanwhile, Hiroshi realizes that his turning into a robot has to do something with that Este salon. However, this new change was a dark conspiracy hatched by “Chichi Yure Doumei (The Association of Fathers)” to create a strong father figure for all the fathers in Japan. Soon, many dads in the whole nation go out of control, and the Nohara family (Shinnosuke's family) and Kasukabe start falling apart. Before the near-collapse of Kasukabe, Shinnosuke and Hiroshi i.e. Robot dad stand up to save the day. Featuring the most intense battle of middle-aged men, the movie brings a touching story that makes all fathers and families in Japan cry.(Source: Wikipedia)The gate to the Digital World has been closed for three years. Taichi Yagami and his friends have since moved on, and now that he is in his second year of high school, it is time for him to grow up. While everyone else knows what they want to do with their lives, Taichi remains unsure. Meanwhile, the group drifts further apart as they follow their own paths.One day, a rogue insectoid Digimon called Kuwagamon materializes and disrupts electronics all over the city. Taichi recklessly chases after it and ends up cornered by the attacking Digimon. Suddenly, the Digivice that he still carries—a digital device that serves various purposes including helping one's Digimon partner to evolve—glows, and Agumon appears. The two are able to defeat Kuwagamon, but why did the Digimon cross over to this world in the first place? What is happening in the Digital World, and how exactly does this involve Meiko Mochizuki, the new transfer student in Taichi's class?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tired of the daily life and being the weakest, slowest, and dumbest, Nobita seeks comfort in his dreams where, using Doraemon's tools, he sets out on a fantasy journey. But when Nobita's dream world gets threatened by an evil sorcerer, Nobita gathers his friends to join him in his dream to fight the evil as the Three Musketeers.(Source: ANN)Remake of the first season of Doupo Cangqiong.Seven years after the defeat of Majin Buu, Earth is at peace, and its people live free from any dangers lurking in the universe. However, this peace is short-lived; a sleeping threat awakens in the dark reaches of the galaxy: Beerus, the ruthless God of Destruction.Disturbed by a prophecy that he will be defeated by a "Super Saiyan God," Beerus and his angelic attendant Whis search the universe for this mysterious being. Before long, they reach Earth and encounter Gokuu Son, one of the planet's mightiest warriors, and his powerful friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For centuries, Heaven has required its young angels to live and study among humans in order to become full-fledged angels. This is no different for top-of-her-class Gabriel White Tenma, who believes it is her mission to be a great angel who will bring happiness to mankind. However, Gabriel grows addicted to video games on Earth and eventually becomes a hikikomori. Proclaiming herself a "Fallen Angel," she is apathetic to everything else—much to the annoyance of Vignette April Tsukinose, a demon whom Gabriel befriended in her angelic early days on Earth.Vignette's attempts to revert Gabriel back to her previous self are in vain, as Gabriel shoots down any attempt to change her precious lifestyle. As they spend their time on Earth, they meet two eccentric personalities: the angel Raphiel Ainsworth Shiraha, Gabriel's classmate with a penchant for sadism, and the demon Satanichia McDowell Kurumizawa, a clumsy self-proclaimed future ruler of the Underworld.Gabriel DropOut follows these four friends' comedic lives as they utterly fail to understand what it truly means to be a demon or an angel.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fujita Reiji is the owner of an art gallery, Gallery Fake. He deals with fake items, and is also familiar with the black market. However, he has a special talent for art, and used to work for the Metropolitan Museum of Art in New York as a curator.(Source: ANN)Together with his talented aides, the "Realist Hero" Kazuya Souma continues his quest of reinvigorating the Elfrieden Kingdom through administrative reform. Having successfully conquered Van—the capital city of the Principality of Amidonia—Kazuya now faces the envoy from Gran Chaos Empire, who wishes to impose punishment for breaching the ban on war established by the Mankind Declaration Treaty. Despite the dire situation, Kazuya sees a path to avoid unnecessary conflict whilst gaining new allies. With his plan being seemingly perfect, the only barrier to success is gaining approval from the envoy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Teen misfits Roma, Toto, and Drop call themselves the "Don Glees," an informal name for their backyard adventures. One day, when the trio gets blamed for a nearby forest fire, they set off into the woods to prove their innocence. As disaster strikes their expedition, tensions flare between the friends as they realize that growing up has taken them on wildly different paths in life.(Source: GKIDS)A new OVA of the light novel Haiyore! Nyaruko-san, titled Haiyore! Nyaruko-san F, has been green-lit.(Source: MAL News)The pasta-loving North Italy, stalwart Germany, and timid Japan continue their misadventures through history as they reenact various events leading up to and during the Second World War. This includes the turbulent relationship between Hungary and Prussia, the War of Austrian Succession, Lithuania's early days, and the Invasion of Poland. During such tumultuous times, how will these personified nations work their way through the conflicts?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episodes of Hetalia World Series. Includes:- Hetalia Extra 1: Chatty Nordics- Hetalia Extra 2: Celebrating Halloween- Hetalia Extra 3: Previously in Hetalia- Hetalia Extra 4: Hetalia = Fantasia Danpei Ichihgeki is the son of Daijurou Ichigeki, a great dodgeball player. As his father, Danpei gives all he has for this game and so it shows in every match.(Source: AnimeNfo)Hina Tsurugi and her family have just moved to a quaint seaside town. Hoping to savor the sight of the peaceful ocean, Hina stumbles upon a girl named Yuuki Kuroiwa—an upperclassman at her new school—who invites Hina to join her in fishing. Hina reels in an octopus, which falls onto her; being afraid of bugs and big creatures, she panics and begs Yuuki to remove it from her. Yuuki sees this as an opportunity to force Hina to join the school's Breakwater Club—a club where members gather, catch, and eat various types of marine life as their main activity.Although her attempts to refuse to join fail, Hina slowly begins to discover the hidden joy in fishing. Her view on the sport changes, now looking forward to all the delightful experiences she can take part in alongside her fellow club members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Raimon team has been invited by Fifth Sector strangely to a soccer camp. When they agree, things go out of hand since it was revealed that Fifth Sector wants to eliminate them once and for all on the island called God Eden. Now, the Raimon team needs to train harder to be able to show that they have the strength to fight back and prove Fifth Sector's doings wrong.(Source: Inazuma Eleven Wiki)The film's plot is set in a southern island, where a Legendary Dress Audition is taking place. Nijino Yume and the others must find secret dresses said to be hidden somewhere in the island.(Source: ANN)For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.(Source: Vertical)Koro-sensei reminisces about his first meeting with Karasuma, where they first butted heads and fought against each other, ultimately coming to respect one another. However, Karasuma eventually points out their actual meeting wasn't nearly as eventful.(Source: ANN)Verta must find a way to escape from the Shura City, in order to rescue her sister Blanca from the monk named Fahai.(Source: Wikipedia)When a life ends, its soul departs to its final resting place known as the Soul Society. However, if a soul is left to wander in the human world for too long, it ends up turning into a corrupted "Hollow" that feeds on other souls. In such cases, spirits called "Soul Reapers" are needed to eliminate the Hollows and guide the lost souls to the Soul Society.Ichigo Kurosaki and Rukia Kuchiki are two Soul Reapers who are used to dealing with Hollows that appear in Karakura Town. But when they encounter the hostile "Blanks"—souls devoid of memories and immune to the "soul burial" used by Reapers—they are thrown for a loop. Senna, a fellow Reaper that neither Ichigo or Rukia are familiar with, comes to their rescue and manages to fend off the Blanks. The mystery deepens when a mirage of the human world suddenly appears over Soul Society. What could be the reason behind the strange phenomena, and how is it connected to Senna, who avoids any questions about her identity?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Adaptation of "No.XXX Hawks: SOOTHE" side-chapter in the Vol.World Heroes manga which was a special present for movie attendees in Japan and in selected American theaters. Included in the "Plus Ultra" version of the film's Blu-ray and DVD release in Japan.Uta Koi tells the "super-liberal interpretation" of the Hyakuninisshu anthology compiled during Japan's Heian period of 100 romantic poems from 100 different poets such as The Tale of Genji's Murasaki Shikibu.An action comedy film depicting the Nohara family who get caught in a fight between two clans, Tamayura and Tamayomi. Set in Tokyo and Aomori (northern end of Japan's main island). The Tamayomi clan had plotted to revive the evil genie Jarke and to conquer the world. To stop Tamayomi's plot, the three gay brothers (Rose, Lavender and Lemon) from Tamayura clan wrested Jarke's ball, which was a key to revive Jarke, from the bar girl gang of Tamayomi clan, but Shinnosuke's younger sister Himawari swallowed down the ball. The Nohara family, with the three gay brothers and a female detective Yone Higashimatsuyama, fights a fierce battle against the Tamayomi gang chasing them. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Arisugawa Academy's DJ unit Lyrical Lily is known for bringing smiles to people's faces through music. Thanks to their efforts, the local city hall requests them to perform monthly for a year as part of Operation Beckoning Cat, the town revitalization project.Unfortunately, given the long and demanding event, Lyrical Lily wonders if they can successfully meet the expectations placed on them. To better their chances, they decide to invite the DJ units that supported them during their first performance: Happy Around, Photo Maiden, Peaky P-key, Rondo, and Merm4id. Intrigued by the opportune event, the other units gladly accept Lyrical Lily's request.However, the project is extremely demanding. To attract visitors and new residents to the town, the energetic girls of the participating DJ units must give their best to create a memorable experience for their audiences.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One night, as meteors streak across the star-studded sky, Shion Pavlichenko becomes a Contractor. Despite her brother's transformation, Shion's twin sister Suou continues to live a fairly ordinary life, attending middle school with her friends and getting caught up in the awkwardness of growing up. However, everything changes when her home is invaded by a masked man cloaked in black, destroying any sense of normality she once had. Revealed to possess latent Contractor abilities of her own, Suou is caught between family, friends, and her own sense of purpose as she ventures into the ruthless world of cutthroats and espionage that Contractors call home.Meanwhile in Tokyo, investigation surrounding Hell's Gate's sudden collapse is underway, and prophetic signs of doom point in the direction of a silver-haired doll.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This is a remake of the 1982 film, Doraemon: Nobita's Great Demon, which was written by original Doraemon co-creator Fujiko F. Fujio.(Source: Wikipedia)Nobita misses his granny that died a few years ago, so Doraemon takes Nobita to the past to see his grandmother one more time. But they face through a lot of things such as the younger selves of Nobita and his friends, and young Nobita's mother that doesn't recognize Nobita or Doraemon. (Source: Wikipedia)Now in possession of the Edens Zero, Shiki Granbell has gathered the Four Shining Stars. With the help of his new friends, Shiki will be able to breach Dragonfall—the border of the Sakura Cosmos swarming with mechanical dragons. Once that is achieved, he can continue his quest to find the goddess Mother.Before the Edens Zero crew can advance their journey, they notice a mysterious warship following them. Upon learning that the ship—the Belial Gore—belongs to Drakken Joe, Shiki and his crew attempt to infiltrate it, intent on figuring out why the Dark Alchemist is after them. In the process, the Edens Zero is taken hostage by Drakken's subordinates.Though they are in a tight situation, Shiki refuses to back down. Working together with his friends, Shiki will have to take down the Dark Alchemist if he hopes to make it out of the Belial Gore alive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nello Tarth is a poor but happy orphan who lives with his grandfather Jehan in a little village nearby Antwerp. Nello has a talent for drawing pictures and has been fascinated by it since he saw one of Rubens (a famous artist) pictures as a little boy. Helping Jehan with the daily milk delivery to Antwerp, Nello one day discovers Patrash, a working dog who has been mistreated and abandoned by his former owner. He treats the exhausted animal and after a little while a close and dependable friendship develops. Alois Cojez, the daughter of the richest and hence most influential man in Blacken Village, is Nellos best friend. When Nello decides to become an artist he has to experience firsthand the ignorance and cruelty of the villagers. Especially Alois father thinks of him as a slacker who cannot earn his living by drawing pictures. Nontheless Nello perseveres and never gives up to achieve his dream and to win their appreciation and respect while strenuously struggling with his poverty. (Source: ANN)Another college semester begins and the returning members of Genshiken attempt to recruit new club members. Three new members join the club, attracted by Ogiue's BL drawings. She welcomes the new members but fears the club will become a "fujoshi" haven for yaoi fans and is getting a bit too far removed from its original purpose.(Source: ANN)It all starts when Gokudou steals a pouch from a fortuneteller, thinking that it contains a gem. Instead, it turns out to be a rock, from which emerges Djinn. The genie grants Gokudou the standard three wishes, but our anti-hero doesn't think heavily about his wishes. Gokudou does get his wishes, though not exactly in the fashion that he expected. The best thing he gets out of his wishes is Honou no Maken, a magical sword that enables its owner to do fire attacks and it can be summoned from anywhere in the world.Even with an enchanted sword, Gokudou doesn't get much respect. He gets turned into a woman by Djinn, who is also a shapeshifter. He is followed by Rubette La Late, a potential love interest who is more interested in adventure, karaoke and outperforming Gokudou. He gets whapped on the head a lot, especially by the fortuneteller who reappears throughout the series just to plague Gokudou it seems. Later in the series, he gets another sidekick, a former evil magician named Prince, who is more handsome and a better womanizer than Gokudou.(Source: AnimeNfo)Beaten and left to perish, Ryuunosuke Ibuki is robbed of everything to his name. Seeing him in such a pitiful state, a man named Kamo Serizawa gives him a second chance and offers him to become his personal assistant. Ibuki seems to be spared by grief, but this new lifestyle only makes him nothing more than a dog to one of the most influential men in all of Kyoto.Meanwhile, with the rise of ronin attacks on the general population, the shogunate sends the Roshigumi to Kyoto to strike for peace. Led by the honorable yet soft-spoken Isami Kondou, the Roshigumi is composed of strong and skilled samurai but lacks any meaningful political connections to gain footing in the city plagued by crime. Having no other choice, Kondou allies with the arrogant Serizawa and his connections in exchange for their combative strength.Despite hating everything the samurai stand for, Ibuki finds himself tangled in the business of the Roshigumi. However, as he interacts with the members under Kondou's leadership, Ibuki slowly realizes that not all samurai are as cruel and dishonorable as he once thought. Hakuouki Reimeiroku explores the early days leading up to the formation of the Shinsengumi while the political tension in Kyoto gives rise to instability and uncertainty.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The VENUS Program is an idol scoring system that is entirely impartial, using AI and data to rank candidates based on an array of factors. To determine the rising stars of the idol industry, the annual VENUS Grand Prix is held utilizing these algorithms. Among all the idols that have participated, none have been as outstanding as Mana Nagase. However, on the day of the tournament's finals, a tragic accident suddenly ends her career.Kouhei Makino, who previously worked as Mana's manager, continues his career at Hoshimi Productions years after her death. Wanting to build a new team of idols, he accepts interviews from various girls. Unexpectedly, one of the interviewees is Kotono Nagase, Mana's younger sister, who is striving to carry on her sister's legacy under the tutelage of her former advisor. Also auditioning is Sakura Kawasaki, whose voice sounds astoundingly similar to that of Mana.Both Kotono and Sakura pass the evaluations, joining a group of eight other aspiring young girls. Living in a shared dormitory, the 10 members work together to learn more about what it means to harmonize as a team. United by an ambitious endeavor, the girls compete their way to the top as they traverse through the unforgiving world of idols.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since she was summoned from Hell by the witch Yurine Hanazono, Jashin-chan—a half-human, half-snake demon—has been searching for any way to go back. One of her options is to kill the one who summoned her, which is much easier said than done. Jashin-chan often finds herself getting violently beaten by Yurine after not only any failed murder attempt, but also when she is just causing mischief, destroying any hope of going back home to Hell.The demon is also terrible with money and tends to gamble all of it away at pachinko. In one of these gambling sessions, she loses the three million yen she received from Hell Financing, putting her into a lifelong debt. To avoid repaying it altogether, Jashin-chan flees to Hokkaido to try and hide for the rest of her days, but her wish of having her debts forgotten may just be a pipe dream when someone comes knocking for the money.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A decade ago, humans, gods, and demons joined forces to stand against the threat of the colossal dragon, Bahamut.Now, in the present, humans living in the capital city of Anatae have been enjoying lavish and prosperous lives. Their progress is largely due to the administration of the newly appointed king, Charioce XVII, who has stolen a power from the gods and allowed for the abuse and slavery of the demon race in the capital. As humans continue to immorally exploit demons, a sense of hostility against humans begins to build up within demon communities, threatening a revolt. Meanwhile, an atmosphere of uneasiness is spreading among the gods, as they scramble to regain their lost power.Amidst it all, Nina Drango, a cheerful young bounty hunter, has arrived at the Royal Capital with hopes of settling down and earning a living. However, her peaceful life in the capital is quickly thrown into chaos when she crosses paths with the ominous Rag Demon who is determined to seek revenge against humans, and Kaisar Lidfard, a noble knight battling an internal moral conflict.Shingeki no Bahamut: Virgin Soul continues the tale of the social and moral conflict between humans, gods, and demons, and their struggle for survival and dominance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To Sora Kajiwara, the world is full of wonderful and adorable things she wants to draw—cats being a popular object of her affection. Even though there are some things that can't be captured with a pencil and paper, she still brings her sketchbook wherever she goes. Her love of drawing eventually leads her to join her school's art club, despite her shy and childish personality.Just like herself, all of Sora's fellow art club members have their own vivid imagination and personality to match. Through her interactions with the rest of the club, Sora begins to break out of her shell and see more of the world around her, taking every opportunity to sketch whatever is on her mind or in her heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day after school, first-year high school student Yomogi Asanaka comes across a starving man under a bridge. Introducing himself as Gauma, the strange drifter informs Yomogi that he is a "kaiju user," a person who deals with the "kaiju"—monsters who bring harm to the city and its citizens.The following evening, Yomogi runs into Gauma and his classmate Yume Minami. Simultaneously, a kaiju appears in a populated area of the city. Due to Gauma's lack of experience controlling the kaiju, he brings out a mysterious object from a glowing pouch, summoning a giant robot known as Dynazenon. Requiring the cooperation of four people, the mecha drags Gauma, Yomogi, Minami, and Koyomi Yamanaka—an unemployed man who was wandering on the street—into its cockpit.Their encounter with the kaiju marks the beginning of their entanglement with kaiju eugenicists—kaiju users who manipulate kaiju with ill intent—and their efforts toward bringing out the full potential of Dynazenon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tenchi Masaki's life changes forever when the ship of an infamous space pirate, Ryouko Hakubi, is shot down and crashes near his family's temple. Little did Tenchi know that by saving Ryouko, he would spark a series of events that would lead alien women from all walks of life to inhabit his home. This includes the delicate Princess Aeka of Jurai and her playful younger sister Princess Sasami; the scatterbrained first-class detective Mihoshi Kuramitsu and her more capable partner Kiyone Makibi; and the eccentric, mad scientist Washuu Hakubi.The six women do their best to adapt to their new lives, but their more advanced and exotic lifestyle does not mesh well with the simplistic customs on Earth. As a result, they just end up making a mess and causing trouble for poor Tenchi. Though the girls are a pain, Tenchi begins to form a close relationship with each of them, and through their bond, he begins to gain a better understanding of his role in the universe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In post-WWII Japan, Prof. Shikishima has built up Shikishima Industries to be a technological powerhouse, working on developing robots. However, at the heart of their success lurks a dark secret from the war, something that cost the life of Prof. Kaneda, the mentor of Prof. Shikishima. Now Kaneda's son, Shoutarou, is about to learn the truth, and it will change him forever. (Source: ANN)While pursuing an alien fugitive, Birdy Cephon Altera—a bombastic police officer from the Space Federation—finds herself on Earth. Her target, Geega, has disguised himself as a human and assimilated into the fashion industry, so Birdy follows suit and joins a modeling agency, taking on the identity "Shion Arita." Her position as a rising model has her posing for photo shoots by day and chasing intergalactic criminals by night.Meanwhile, Tsutomu Senkawa, an average high school student, explores an abandoned building with his friend, and coincidentally, Birdy has tracked down Geega to the same building. Senkawa briefly witnesses the battle before being seized as a hostage by Geega. However, Birdy, oblivious, attacks Geega and accidentally kills Senkawa. Distraught, she quickly decides to save him by integrating his consciousness into her body.Now, Birdy and Senkawa must not only cohabitate the same body, but also balance Senkawa's high school life, Shion Arita's modeling career, and Birdy's increasingly dangerous job as a Federation officer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The dispassionate, transforming assassin Golden Darkness returns to peer deeper into the mysteries surrounding her new life, while a sinister Nemesis manipulates her younger sister Mea from the shadows. Along with their newly discovered mother, Tearju, this previously estranged family quickly becomes the center of everyone's attention. On the other hand, Princess Momo's Harem Plan stands on shaky ground amidst Rito's inability to confess to his longtime crush Haruna, who has grown feelings of her own.But things aren't as peaceful as they seem; an evil force looms amidst the innocuous commotion, threatening to eclipse the love, happiness, and friendship of Rito and his harem. Only the light of love can hope to banish the shadow.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap OVA of the Toradora series included as a bonus with limited edition of Choudokyuu Premium Box release of PSP game Toradora! Portable.An unaired episode included in the Blu-ray box set.Yuusaku brings an extravagant bento box to share with the class, which makes Ryuuji feel inferior about his own bento making skills. Desperate to beat his bentos, Ryuuji obsessively tries to compete against them to the point where he even brings a rice cooker to school. After Taiga brings him some salty onigiri, Ryuuji realises that the true meaning of bentos is not the taste, but the feelings that are put into it.(Source: Wikipedia)In the year 1989, the Japanese government passed the Media Betterment Act, allowing a group of soldiers known as the Media Betterment Committee (MBC) to destroy and censor any "problematic" media under the guise of protecting public morals. As a response, regional governments established the Library Defense Force (LDF), whose members take up arms and put their lives on the line to protect freedom of expression. At the top of the Kanto branch of the LDF stands the Library Task Force (LTF): an elite squad consisting of only the most exceptional fighters.As a high schooler, Iku Kasahara experienced the terror of censorship first-hand when she refused to surrender the newest volume of her favorite series to MBC agents. She only came out unscathed thanks to a lone member of the LDF, who protected her and her beloved book. Now in her 20s and still unable to forget the man who saved her, Kasahara joins the LDF in the hope of becoming just like her prince.But LDF training turns out to be far more rigorous than she could have imagined, and her instructor, LTF member Atsushi Doujou, seems fixated on making her life a living hell. Given her struggles, Kasahara is shocked when she is selected as one of the two new LTF recruits as a result of Doujou's recommendation. As Kasahara does all she can to become worthy of the LTF and unravel her enigmatic superior's motivations, she wages war—both on the battlefield and in her personal life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When "ordinary boy" Kagami Kazuya meets the beautiful tsukumogami Kiriha, his life gets turned upside-down. As a "Taboo Child" who draws the supernatural towards him, he receives orders from the God of the Land, Kukuri, to become an exorcist and defeat these evil forces. And so, he and Kiriha do battle.To find out information on these supernatural beings, Kazuya and his friends set up a counselor's club at school. But behind the typical-seeming troubles he hears about, he uncovers a major plot to target Kukuri...In addition to the sadistic-yet-beautiful tsukumogami Kiriha, the situation draws other girls to Kazuya to join the fray!(Source: Crunchyroll)At the end of Arcadia of My Youth Capitain Harlock and the crew of the space ship Arcadia had been banished from Earth. The Earth, as well as many other planets in the universe had been taken over by the Illumidus, a race of destructive humanoids who ruin, enslave or destroy almost any inhabitable planet they come across. In "Endless Orbit SSX" Harlock battles the Illumidus while searching for a mythical "Planet of Peace" where all the peoples of the universe can live freely and without war.(Source: Wikipedia)After a disaster leaves the world in a state of decline, the remaining human population lives out their lives peacefully and quietly in the twilight of the human age. Alpha Hatsuseno is an android who works at a cafe bordering Yokohama that rarely gets visitors, and is waiting for her owner to return.One day, another android, the courier Kokone Takatsu, brings Alpha a package from her master. Inside is a camera, given to Alpha so she can take pictures to reminisce about.Yokohama Kaidashi Kikou is a slow and contemplative anime that follows an android girl as she takes beautiful pictures and experiences touching moments, all amidst a calming sense of peace.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The movie will compile the episodes from the second season of the anime, and will also have new cuts of animation.(Source: ANN)At the cost of the gods' protection, a new era has dawned, giving the remnants of mankind a chance to rebuild. Having fulfilled their duties to Taisha, the members of Sanshu Middle School's Hero Club finally begin to enjoy their youth, living as regular students. However, such a conclusion did not come about without sacrifice.In the year 298 of the Divine Era, Mebuki Kusunoki is among the potential candidates to become the next hero. Despite her painstaking efforts to surpass her competition, she loses the position to Karin Miyoshi, leaving Mebuki furious at Taisha's decision. Two years later, Mebuki is appointed commander of the Sentinels—a group tasked to explore uncharted territory beyond the barrier. The team's seemingly simple mission is quickly disrupted by unforeseen threats, endangering the innocent lives of the fleet. To prove her worth as a hero, Mebuki vows to bring everyone back alive, no matter what it takes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Saito Hiraga and Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière go on the offensive after the events of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Together, they face off against King Joseph in the Holy City of Romalia with the help of two others who control the power of the "void." But in the midst of the many conflicts ahead of them, an ancient evil begins to stir in the shadows. Will their close bonds blossom into something more or will they be shattered through the ever increasing difficulty of the tasks that they must undertake? Zero no Tsukaima F follows the story of Louise and Saito as they face their final challenges together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Voice actors comment various scenes from the anime."Kings" are individuals who have been bestowed with incredible supernatural powers and granted the ability to recruit others into their clans. Protecting the lives and honor of their clansmen is an integral part of the Kings' duties. After a video depicting the heinous murder of a Red Clansman spreads virally, the unassuming student Yashiro Isana is accused of homicide. Now, a manhunt is underway for his head, bringing him into contact with the infamous "Black Dog" Kurou Yatogami—a skilled swordsman and martial artist determined to follow the wishes of his late master, the Seventh King.Meanwhile, the current Red King, Mikoto Suou, faces his own imminent demise as the search for Yashiro narrows. But during Yashiro's struggle to prove his innocence, a greater conspiracy is unraveling behind the scenes; clouds begin to appear in his memory, and close friends start to question his very existence. What began as a simple murder is now leading towards a full blown war between Kings with the very fate of the world at stake. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of Kiratto Pri☆chan.An unaired OVA episode of Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? of the Dead. It is the 11th episode and was bundled with the sixth volume of the manga. The anime's story is set in 2027, one year after the end of the fourth non-nuclear war. New Port City is still reeling from the war's aftermath when it suffers a bombing caused by a self-propelled mine. Then, a military member implicated in arms-dealing bribes is gunned down.During the investigation, Public Security Section's Daisuke Aramaki encounters Motoko Kusanagi, the cyborg wizard-level hacker assigned to the military's 501st Secret Unit. Batou, a man with the "eye that does not sleep," suspects that Kusanagi is the one behind the bombing. The Niihama Prefectural Police detective Togusa is pursuing his own dual cases of the shooting death and a prostitute's murder. Motoko herself is being watched by the 501st Secret Unit's head Kurutsu and cyborg agents.(Source: ANN)The story of this fourth installment takes place amidst signs of postwar reconstruction in the winter of 2028. Tensions are rising in New Port City as demonstrations are held concerning the interests of foreign cartels. This leads to a shooting incident involving riot police. It all started with a cyberbrain infection released by the terrorist "Fire Starter." An independent offensive unit led by Motoko Kusanagi entrusts the suppression of the situation to their ghosts and aims for their own justice. Below the surface of the incident, lies the "tin girl" Emma and the "scarecrow man" Burinda Junior. As Kusanagi deals with the incident, she draws near to what those two ghosts were seeking.(Source: ANN)In the year 2027, a year following the end of the non-nuclear World War IV, a bomb has gone off in Newport City, killing a major arms dealer who may have ties with the mysterious 501 Organization. Public Security official Daisuke Aramaki hires full-body cyber prosthesis user and hacker extraordinaire, Motoko Kusanagi, to investigate.(Source: Wikipedia)How did this young boy become notorious gentleman thief "Lupin III"?Loosely based on Young Lupin III from the original manga, Lupin Zero will tell a nostalgic, yet brand new original story, finally lifting the veil cast upon Lupin III's humble beginnings. Set during the era in which the original series was first published, the anime depicts Young Lupin III running around the streets of 1960's Japan during the country's economic boom.A young boy climbs the staircase to villainhood. What was he thinking and what steps did he take? This is the untold origin story of the world's greatest thief. (Source: TMS Entertainment)Izayoi Sakamaki, Asuka Kudou, and You Kasukabe are extraordinary teenagers who are blessed with psychic powers but completely fed up with their disproportionately mundane lives—until, unexpectedly, each of them receives a strange envelope containing an invitation to a mysterious place known as Little Garden. Inexplicably dropped into a vast new world, the trio is greeted by Kurousagi, who explains that they have been given a once-in-a-lifetime chance to participate in special high-stakes games using their abilities. In order to take part, however, they must first join a community. Learning that Kurousagi's community "No Names" has lost its official status and bountiful land due to their defeat at the hands of a demon lord, the group sets off to help reclaim their new home's dignity, eager to protect its residents and explore the excitement that Little Garden has to offer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Manji is an infamous swordsman in feudal Japan who is known as the "Hundred Man Killer," as he has killed one hundred innocent men. However, there is something far more frightening than his ominous reputation: the fact that he is immortal. This is the handiwork of eight-hundred-year-old nun Yaobikuni, who placed bloodworms capable of healing almost any wound in Manji's body.To atone for his crimes, Manji resolves to kill one thousand evil men. Yaobikuni agrees to this proposal, saying that if he succeeds, she will undo his curse of immortality. Soon after this promise, Manji meets Rin Asano, a 16-year-old girl who requests Manji's assistance in killing those who slaughtered her parents.Initially reluctant, Manji refuses Rin's desperate plea. However, owing to her evident lack of strength, Manji changes his mind and agrees to protect Rin for four years. With this partnership set in stone, the two embark on a perilous journey of bloodshed, vengeance, and redemption, each to fulfill their own life's cause.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nanami Simpson is a young girl. Her mother dies when she is young, and she goes to live with her father, Scott Simpson, on board a marine research vessel, the Peperonchino. Her father is a marine biologist, and he is in search of a creature known as the glowing whale. When he finds the bones of one of these, he is saddened, and resolves to change his mission toward preserving and caring for the creatures. Nanami befriends an Orca which she names Tico, and she goes swimming with it every day. Eventually, she learns to breathe underwater which astounds her father. Nanami nearly drowns one day, and one of the glowing whales saves her from certain death and returns her to the vessel, where her father finally gets to see it.(Source: ANN)After receiving a flyer from Maina Ichii—a member of the idol group ChamJam—and seeing her perform at a local concert, Eripiyo falls in love with Maina and decides to devote her life to supporting the shy and reserved rising star. Eripiyo's charismatic presence and iconic red tracksuit soon give her recognition as Maina's one and only unrivaled fan. Whether it be a performance or a small fan gathering in the middle of nowhere, Eripiyo is guaranteed to be at every event Maina participates in. Not even an injury or Maina's seemingly cold attitude toward her can stop Eripiyo from pursuing her dream of seeing her beloved idol perform at the world-famous arena Budoukan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Lieutenant Kei Agemaki, the son of a famous general, has hidden his extreme fear of paranormal beings all his life. However, when he and two others are reassigned to live and work with youkai in the Ministry of Spirit Affairs, he is brought face-to-face with his worst nightmare. Now with the help of the fox spirit Kushimatsu, he and his fellow officers must learn to work alongside youkai maidens—Zakuro, Susukihotaru, Hoozuki, and Bonbori—to solve paranormal cases.Set in the midst of an alternate version of Japanese Westernization, Otome Youkai Zakuro explores the clashes and unions that can occur when east meets west, local meets foreign, and women meet men. The unusual alliance of the youkai maidens and human officers must learn to work together in a world that is changing around them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The girls of Momotsuki Academy's Class 1-C are starting their tenth-grade year with a brand-new instructor. The good news? The teacher is an MIT grad. The bad news? She's only 11 years old! So, while Becky Miyamoto may be an intellectual titan, this child prodigy is painfully ill-equipped to deal with the group of temperamental teens—and idiotic aliens—that await her instructions!(Source: Funimation)Plawres is a wrestling game that the players make their robots, which are about 30 cm tall, fight in the ring. The main character, Sugata Sanshirou, is a plawres player. Using his plawrestler, Juohmaru, he beats strong rivals.(Source: ANN)The story begins when the protagonist Hikaru meets aliens Lala, Prunce, and Fuwa while watching the night sky. She learns of the "Star Palace," where the 12 Star Princesses of the constellations kept the balance of the universe until they were attacked. Lala is searching for the legendary Precure warriors to help find the 12 scattered "Princess Star Color Pens" and revive the princesses. When Fuwa is captured by an enemy, Hikaru wishes to save Fuwa, and a Star Color Pendent and a Star Color Pen appear to allow her to transform into Cure Star. From then on she works to collect the pens and raise Fuwa, who is the key to reviving the princesses.There exist few humans in this world with the ability to manipulate their souls to form powerful weapons. Dubbed "Blazers," these people study and train at the prestigious Hagun Academy to become Mage-Knights; among the students is so-called failure Ikki Kurogane, the sole F-rated Blazer. However, when the worst student in the academy sees Stella Vermillion, an A-ranked Blazer who also happens to be a princess, naked, she challenges him to a duel with dire stakes—the loser becomes the slave of the winner. There's no possible way that Stella can lose, right?As he tries to prove his strength to a world that believes him to be the weakest, Ikki gains new friends, wisdom, and experience.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ranma and the gang are invited to a boating trip with Kuno. Unfortunately, a storm destroys the yacht and everyone is stranded on a remote island. The whole situation goes even more awry when one by one, the girls disappear without a trace. Ranma then finds out that the girls are abducted by Toma, ruler of the island, as part of his personal harem.(Source: ANN)Seiso Academy is a prestigious high school that sorts students into two majors: General Studies, characterized by distinct grey uniforms, and Music Studies, characterized by pristine white uniforms. While rushing to class one morning, General Studies student Kahoko Hino has a chance encounter with Lili, a small fairy searching for someone with the ability to see her. Lili flies away, and Kahoko, puzzled by their meeting, continues on her way.Later that day, the participants of a school-wide music competition are announced, and all of them are, unsurprisingly, Music Studies students—at least until Kahoko's name is read out. Immediately tracking down Lili, the small fairy gifts Kahoko a magical violin and convinces her to participate in the competition.Kiniro no Corda: Primo Passo follows Kahoko's endeavors alongside Lili, as the young student must now face the challenges of competition and go head-to-head against her competitors while navigating a new world of classical music.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An anime movie based on HoneyWorks' LIPxLIP virtual idol unit, commemorating the music circle's 10th anniversary.(Source: MAL News)Creamy Mami is about a young girl, Yuu, who after seeing a spaceship is given the power to use magic for one year. She is also given 2 cats, Poji and Nega, to watch over and guide her. Using her magic powers to transform into the idol Creamy Mami, Yuu must work hard at acting, singing, helping her parents at their crepe shop, fighting aliens and bad guys, going to school, plus try to get the affections of her childhood friend Toshio.(Source: ANN)Nanoha Takamachi, an ordinary third-grader who enjoys spending time with her family and friends, rescues an injured ferret that she had dreamed about the night before. The next day, the ferret cries out to her telepathically, asking Nanoha to save him. The ferret reveals himself to be Yuuno Scrya, a mage from another world who is trying to collect the dangerous 21 Jewel Seeds that he accidentally scattered across the world. He enlists Nanoha's help, gifting her the magical wand Raising Heart, and teaches her how to become a powerful mage.Days later, after reclaiming a few of the Jewel Seeds, another mage appears: Fate Testarossa. Stronger than Nanoha, Fate refuses to divulge her reasons in trying to collect the Jewel Seeds. Nanoha senses a melancholy in her eyes, but Fate refuses to communicate. Directed by Akiyuki Shinbo, Mahou Shoujo Lyrical Nanoha is a story about the clash of emotions when goals collide.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While taking a ferry to Fuuka Academy, new students Mai Tokiha and her sickly younger brother, Takumi, spot a girl adrift on the water. Shortly after bringing her aboard, the ferry comes under attack from an assailant who summons a mechanical monster. Despite still recovering from her injuries, Mikoto Minagi fends off the monster using a supernatural sword.Mai soon discovers that Mikoto is a fellow Fuuka Academy student with abilities called HiME (Highly-advanced Materializing Equipment). Female students with HiME are responsible for defending the academy and the local city from the monstrous "Orphans." After several incidents at the school involving battles against these mysterious creatures, Mai learns that she is a HiME herself and is capable of summoning a Child, a mechanical creature capable of great utility and firepower.Now burdened with new responsibilities, Mai joins 12 other HiME as they safeguard the school from a threat they know little about all while protecting the ones closest to them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rune Balot is a down-and-out teen prostitute in Mardock City. One day, she's picked up by an ambitious casino manager named Shell who gives her everything she could want. Renewed by a false innocence, a false past, and now the false life Shell has given her, Balot feels grateful. However, she can't help but be curious about why he's done so much for her, so she does some research about his past on a computer. This turns out to be a mistake which will change her life greatly. When Shell finds out what she's done, he attempts to burn her to death by blowing up her car.Due to the high crime rate in Mardock, a new law called "Scramble 09" has given police carte blanche to take extreme and otherwise illegal measures to revive crime witnesses. With this in mind, they allow a professor to bring Balot back from the brink of death by reassembling her entire body with reinforced synthetic fiber. When she finally wakes up, her confused mental state eventually turns toward revenge as Shell is revealed as her killer.(Source: Nippon Cinema)Led by Yamato, Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, and Sai are assigned to capture Mukade, a rogue ninja who is pursuing the ancient chakra Ryuumyaku located underneath the Rouran ruins. While the Ryuumyaku has been sealed by the Fourth Hokage, the group fails to prevent Mukade from releasing its power. Consequently, a strong energy burst engulfs both Naruto and Yamato before they can escape.As he awakens in a magnificent yet hostile kingdom, Naruto meets its young queen Saara and three Konohagakure ninjas on a top-secret mission. They reveal to him that he has time-traveled to Rouran 20 years into the past! To make matters worse, Mukade has already infiltrated the royal court, becoming the naive queen's most trusted minister under the alias Anrokuzan.Joining forces with the three ninjas, Naruto must protect Saara's life without fail to stop the villain's plans and return to the present.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yukihisa Matsuda, principal conductor of the Rising Star Orchestra, arrives in Paris to perform Wagner's Tannhäuser Overture as a guest conductor for the Recyl Symphony Orchestra. When Matsuda overhears the orchestra members praising Shinichi Chiaki, the budding Japanese conductor of the Roux-Marlet Orchestra, he can barely contain his contempt at there being another "Black-Haired Noble" in the same city. Freshly dumped by his mistress following the performance, Matsuda catches Chiaki and takes him out to drink under the pretense of discussing career. But much to Chiaki's chagrin, the subject soon turns to Chiaki's own special someone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The adventures of a baby shark in nostalgia-filled Yauo Town.Whether it's cider on a summer day, freeze pops, radio calisthenics, festival stalls, or hanging out with friends, the world sparkles when reflected in the eyes of the baby shark.(Source: Kadokawa, translated)Previously an assistant of Lumiose City's Professor Platane, Alain and his Lizardon set off on a journey to become even stronger, by mastering the powers of mega evolution. Investigating the mysteries of this phenomenon, at the behest of the enigmatic Fleur-de-lis, Alain and Lizardon travel across Kalos and Hoenn in search of capable trainers who can use mega evolution in order to improve, as well as help Fleur-de-lis with his research. Along the way, they meet a young girl named Manon who, with her Harimaron, decide to accompany Alain, to which he reluctantly agrees.Pokemon XY: Mega Evolution follows Alain and Lizardon in their journey to become the strongest users of mega evolution, while also fighting against legendary monsters to protect the ambitions of Fleur-de-lis as well as the safety of those most important to him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Traumatized by school, Jun Sakurada spends his days at home as a shut-in, purchasing things online, only to send them back before the free trial period ends. So when a note appears on his desk, asking whether or not he would wind something, he assumes it was something he ordered and carelessly circles "yes," changing his life forever.A box arrives with a wind up doll inside, but this is no ordinary toy: after Jun winds her up, she begins walking and talking as if a normal person. With a haughty attitude, she introduces herself as Shinku, the fifth doll in the Rozen Maiden collection, a group of special dolls made by the legendary dollmaker Rozen. These sisters must battle each other in a competition called the Alice Game with the help of a human to ensure victory. The winner becomes Alice, a real girl who is worthy of meeting their creator.As more sentient dolls end up taking residence in Jun's house, and a foe from Shinku's past makes her appearance, Jun's life becomes far more complicated than he ever thought possible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Shoutarou Tatewaki first meets Sakurako Kujou, he knows his life will never be the same. Initially believing her to be responsible for a disappearance in the neighborhood, he later learns of her true talent: analyzing bone specimens. Sakurako has quite the collection of reconstructed animal bones, but she wishes she had more of the human variety, much to the chagrin of those around her.Soon, Shoutarou begins accompanying the eccentric osteologist on the many different unsolved cases she comes across—usually in the form of decomposing bodies. But with so many incidents happening around them, could there be a larger mystery at work in their lives?Sakurako-san no Ashimoto ni wa Shitai ga Umatteiru is a story of two unlikely partners, each showing in their own way that bones can tell how one died, but only people can tell how they lived.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story follows Kintaro, former leader of a widely feared and respected biker gang, who decides that its time to "straighten out" and become a "salaryman" since his wife died and he has to take care of his young son.(Source: AniDB)The king of Slantania has officially appointed Sei Takanashi as the Holy Saint—an omnipotent maiden summoned from another world to save the kingdom. After months of relentless fighting against monsters, Sei can finally relax and continue her study at the Medicinal Flora Research Institute. Although her relationship with Albert Hawke, the commander of the Third Order of Knights, gradually blossoms, her bachelorette status attracts unwanted attention from other men—much to Albert's dismay.Moreover, Tenyuu—one of the many princes from the faraway Zaidera Empire—has taken an interest in Slantania and its powerful healing potions. Given that Sei's identity is a national secret, she must lay low in the royal palace until Tenyuu satisfies his curiosity at the institute and returns to his country. Despite his unimpressive appearance, the foreign prince is far from clueless. He has come to Slantania for a clear reason, and Sei's unique skills may just hold the answer to his cryptic research.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Meg, faithful and gentle, Jo, independent and energetic, Beth, quiet and shy, Amy, amiable and precocious–the four sisters live vigorously and happily at home with their gentle mother while waiting for their father to return from the Civil War. Helping each other, they challenge their fates and grow up to become wonderful women.On the first day her family moved to their new house, 5-year-old Ami-chan made friends with three talking animals who came out of a door in her bedroom floor, which she finds out leads to Animal Yokocho, another world. The three are Issa, an overly innocent, soft-spoken panda, Kenta, a highly strung, red-scarf-loving bear who puts on an almost constant tough-guy act, and Iyo, a rabbit who usually holds her own well-being and enjoyment over the happiness (and safety) of her friends. Even at only 5 years old, Ami-chan is easily the most rational of the group, and she's a little wary at first, but she eventually comes around and starts spending her free time with them. A typical day involves Ami-chan and the three doing different things to pass the time, often playing a seemingly innocent game, but in AniYoko style. Unfortunately for Ami-chan, the AniYoko version usually turns out to be drastically different, much less logical, and usually more dangerous than the ordinary version.(Source: ANN)Xiao-Bai, a white snake demon, is sent on a mission to assassinate the Emperor's Taoist advisor, who has been killing snakes en masse in order to achieve immortality and curry the Emperor's favor. Xiao-Bai, however, is attacked by the advisor's lackeys before she can reach him and is subsequently defeated. Luckily, the demonic hairpin she was granted by the Snake Mother is able to save her life at the cost of her memories.Xiao-Bai awakens in the Snake-catcher village, unaware that she is actually a demon or that she is surrounded by her sworn enemies. She meets Xu Xuan, the man who saved her, and is charmed by him. The two set out on a journey to discover who Xiao-Bai is, and learn the secret of her demonic hairpin. The pair is pursued by Xiao-Qing, Xiao-Bai's sister, who has sworn to the Snake Mother to retrieve Xiao-Bai within three days or die trying. As Taoists, demons, and humans collide, a tale of forbidden romance unfolds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite being a handyman with a wide range of skills, Saitou is severely undervalued and underpaid. When he complains, his boss fires him, claiming that he is easily replaceable. As if his luck was not bad enough, Saitou soon finds himself about to be run over by a truck on his way home.Surprisingly enough, Saitou does not die; instead, he is transported to another world. There, he meets a party composed of the female knight Raelza, the moonlight fairy Lafanpan, and the mage Morlock, who are all coincidentally looking to recruit a new member with a skill set like Saitou's.Throughout their time together, Saitou uses his expertise to assist his fellow party members and soon comes to receive the recognition he never thought was possible. However, Saitou's presence may just be the catalyst that will connect a diverse cast of people from different places, slowly uncovering the fate that could bring a great change to this world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Assigned to protect a royal procession transporting a powerful artifact called the "Ouin," Squad 10 gathers in the human world as Captain Toushirou Hitsugaya and Lieutenant Rangiku Matsumoto observe the area cautiously. However, the caravan is suddenly struck by a group of assailants who wreak havoc on the procession, stealing the Ouin in the process. After a brief clash with one of the attackers, the distraught Hitsugaya pursues the escaping thieves, leaving behind Matsumoto and the disoriented squad. Following the incident, the Seireitei brands Hitsugaya a traitor for abandoning his post and puts Squad 10 on indefinite lockdown.In the human world, Ichigo Kurosaki is investigating a spiritual abnormality when he stumbles across the injured Captain, but is caught off guard when Hitsugaya suddenly flees. Soon learning of the situation, Ichigo, Rukia Kuchiki, Renji Abarai, and Matsumoto set off to prove Hitsugaya's innocence and uncover the truth behind the theft of the Ouin. Meanwhile, a ghost from Hitsugaya's past haunts his thoughts as he chases down the true culprit.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing football at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession. In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd.He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it. James McGuire has a dream. He wants to become the president of Guinam and free his people from the military rulers who have been in power up until now. However, one thing stands in McGuire's way: his past. And it's beginning to catch up with him, endangering not only his career, but the life of his long lost daughter. McGuire hires the City Hunter, Ryo Saeba and his partner Kaori to protect his daughter Anna, who herself is a Secret Service agent assigned to bodyguard the presidential hopeful.The start of Hanae Ashiya's high school career has not been easy—he has spent all of the first week in the infirmary, and his inexplicable condition is only getting worse. The cause of his torment is the mysterious fuzzy creature that has attached itself to him ever since he stumbled upon it the day before school began.As his health continues to decline and the creature grows in size, Hanae comes across a flyer advertising an exorcist who expels youkai. Desperate and with nothing left to lose, he calls the number and is led to the Mononokean, a tea room which suddenly appears next to the infirmary. A morose-sounding man, Haruitsuki Abeno, reluctantly helps Hanae but demands payment afterward. Much to Hanae's dismay, he cannot afford the fee and must become an employee at the Mononokean to work off his debt. And to make things worse, his new boss is actually one of his classmates. If Hanae ever hopes to settle his debt, he must work together with Abeno to guide a variety of dangerous, strange, and interesting youkai back to the Underworld.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Goblins are known for their ferocity, cunning, and rapid reproduction, but their reputation as the lowliest of monsters causes their threat to be overlooked. Raiding rural civilizations to kidnap females of other species for breeding, these vile creatures are free to continue their onslaught as adventurers turn a blind eye in favor of more rewarding assignments with larger bounties.To commemorate her first day as a Porcelain-ranked adventurer, the 15-year-old Priestess joins a band of young, enthusiastic rookies to investigate a tribe of goblins responsible for the disappearance of several village women. Unprepared and inexperienced, the group soon faces its inevitable demise from an ambush while exploring a cave. With no one else left standing, the terrified Priestess accepts her fate—until the Goblin Slayer unexpectedly appears to not only rescue her with little effort, but destroy the entire goblin nest. As a holder of the prestigious Silver rank, the Goblin Slayer allows her to accompany him as he assists the Adventurer's Guild in all goblin-related matters. Together with the Priestess, High Elf, Dwarf, and Lizardman, the armored warrior will not rest until every single goblin in the frontier lands has been eradicated for good.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Few people wonder what occurs between warring nations when they are not fighting each other. In Hetalia, the countries find themselves outside of their usual setting: working together in a school newspaper club, reminiscing about former historical figures, and searching for Santa Claus? With the potential for comedic calamity always around the corner, there is no predicting what exactly these adventures entail![Written by MAL Rewrite]The Red Dragon Emperor, Issei Hyoudou, and the Occult Research Club are back in action as summer break comes for the students of Kuoh Academy. After their fight with Issei’s sworn enemy, Vali and the Chaos Brigade, it is clear just how inexperienced Rias Gremory's team is. As a result, she and Azazel lead the club on an intense training regime in the Underworld to prepare them for the challenges that lie ahead.While they slowly mature as a team, Issei will once again find himself in intimate situations with the girls of the Occult Research Club. Meanwhile, their adversaries grow stronger and more numerous as they rally their forces. And with the sudden appearance of Loki, the Evil God of Norse Mythology, the stage is set for epic fights and wickedly powerful devils in High School DxD BorN![Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.2.The 4th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.Three unaired episodes that conclude Ie Naki Ko Remy's story.In 19th century Paris, Claude Claudel and his grandfather Oscar run a metalworking shop tucked away in the Galerie du Roy shopping arcade. Back home from his recent travels, Oscar appears with a young Japanese girl—Yune—by his side. Although he is initially against it, Claude comes to accept Oscar's announcement that Yune will live and work with them going forward.Bewildered by Yune's foreign customs, Claude must balance looking after her and managing the shop. But over time, as she settles into her new role as a live-in maid, Claude slowly shows interest in learning to understand Yune and the vastly different world she comes from.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humans have been polluting the ocean for a long time, carelessly pouring their garbage and desecrating the waters that many creatures call home. The denizens of the sea have suffered at their poisoning hands. Finally, one certain squid has had enough and vows to punish the humans' selfish actions.Possessing all the fearsome abilities of a squid such as powerful hair-tentacles, the ability to spit ink, and even use bioluminescence at will, Ika Musume takes it upon herself to rise from the depths of the ocean and exact revenge upon humanity! She surfaces at a certain Lemon Beach House, a restaurant managed by the sisters Eiko and Chizuru Aizawa. Thinking them to be an easy first step toward world domination, she immediately declares war against them, only to find out that she is, quite literally, a fish out of water! To make things worse, she destroys a part of a wall of the beach house in an attempt to flaunt her squiddy superiority and is consequently forced into becoming a waitress to pay the repair costs. Beached for the time being after tasting a thorough defeat at the hands of the Aizawa sisters, Ika Musume is forced to put her plans for world domination on hold.Despite these setbacks, Ika Musume soon finds herself right at home in her unexpected position as Lemon Beach House's newest employee. Wacky and hilarious, Shinryaku! Ika Musume follows her brand new life on the surface as she makes precious memories and meet lots of new people. With her newfound acquaintances, Ika Musume is looking to take the world by storm, one squid ink spaghetti at a time![Written by MAL Rewrite]Eikichi Onizuka and Ryuji Danma are members of infamous biker duo, the Oni Baku. When not out riding around, they can be found in school, trying to pick up young women. This is the story of the young Onizuka, who would later become the greatest teacher in Japan, and his partner Ryuji in their quest to lose their virginity and reach maturity.They are widely feared bosozoku, and are known for their tenacity and viciousness in a fight. However, this lifestyle does not exactly endear them to the opposite gender, so they decide to change their ways. However, this is easier said than done.(Source: ANN)Amu Hinamori and the Seiyo Elementary Guardians continue their quest to seek out and purify X Eggs while in pursuit of the elusive Embryo—an egg said to be able to grant any wish. However, the Guardians must secure the Embryo before it falls into the hands of the nefarious Easter Corporation. As part of their plan to lure out the Embryo, Easter hires Lulu de Morcerf, an aloof girl whose ruby necklace gives her the ability to convert Heart Eggs into Mystery Eggs.These strange Mystery Eggs cannot be purified as easily as X Eggs, and they can force its owner to undergo a Character Transformation. With this growing threat, the Guardians must track down its source and put a stop to them before the matter gets out of hand. Facing insurmountable pressure from these two new objectives, will the Guardians be able to recover the Embryo while also dealing with the Mystery Eggs?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mayuri Shiina brings a cognitive computing system—with a large pink Oopa toy serving as its terminal—to the Future Gadget Lab, insisting that it will help her and Kurisu Makise prepare fried chicken for the group, much to the dismay of Rintarou Okabe and Itaru "Daru" Hashida. Despite not having the proper ingredients, the Oopa cognitive computer assists Mayuri and Kurisu in perfecting a dish that the other lab members will enjoy.In the following episodes, the cognitive computer continues to aid Okabe and his friends in their day-to-day lives. From helping Okabe and Kurisu to reconcile after an argument, to collecting input from the lab members to suggest improvements for the Lab; Okabe may not realize it yet, but his lab has gained a valuable asset![Written by MAL Rewrite]AA! Megami Sama creator, Kosuke Fujishima, is back with the second season of Taiho Schihauzo (You're Under Arrest). Same characters, two policewomen, the gentle Miyuki and the wild Natsumi teamed up together in Bokuto police station`s traffic division.Other characters including Kenichi, the motorcycle cop who has a feeling for Miyuki; Yoriko with her gossip and Aoi, a transvestite. They all ready to take on harmless criminals and costumed weirdos... You think you can have a better police station?(Source: AniDB)The third and final OVA series concluding the story of Tales of Symphonia: The Animation.In a dark corner of the universe, intergalactic criminal Kain breaks out of prison and destroys the Galaxy Police Headquarters. Basking in the afterglow of the terror and destruction he has caused, Kain sets his sights toward a much bigger prize waiting on Earth.Meanwhile, Tenchi Masaki and his crew are watching some old home videos of his mother, Achika. As the film rolls, Achika slowly starts to vanish. While watching her fade away, Tenchi also begins to disappear. However, thanks to a device created by Washuu Hakubi, Tenchi is not gone for good.The gang soon learns about Kain and deduce that he must have done something to Achika, which has resulted in time being altered. To save himself and maintain the future, Tenchi travels with the girls back in time to protect his mother from her fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the Nationals, Seishun Academy receives an invitation to participate in a junior tennis tournament at Wimbledon. In England, Ryouma Echizen and his teammates are joined by their rivals from Hyoutei Academy, Shitenhouji Middle School, and Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School, who have also been invited to this special event. One evening before the start of the tournament, some of the players are attacked by a group of thugs, leaving them hospitalized with injuries. The only evidence distinguishing the assailants is a silver ring that each member wears on their hand and that their leader's name is Keith.In an effort to stop the gang, the middle school students convene to discuss their options but are interrupted by Ling Xiu, the person who saved Ryouma the night before. Xiu identifies himself as a former member of Clack—a band of tennis players banned from official competition due to their violent playstyles and conduct. The students are warned to stay out of the affairs of Clack as they cannot hope to win against their tennis style.Frustrated by the situation, Ryouma sneaks out with Xiu to confront Keith and the other members of Clack with the intent to take them down single-handedly. Knowing Xiu's true objective, Ryouma is now more determined than ever to defeat Keith to save the latter from himself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having lived his entire life on Mount Taiheng, half-yao Kong Hongjun is at last presented with the chance to explore the human world. He is assigned three tasks: uncover his father's murderer, eliminate the Black Jiao and its yao tribes that have infiltrated Chang'an, and return the Heart Lamp to a descendent of the Chen family. However, on his first night in the city, the Heart Lamp is mistakenly absorbed by military general Li Jinglong.After receiving a mysterious invitation to join Chang'an's Court of Exorcism, Kong Hongjun is reunited with a disgraced Li Jinglong as his captain. Alongside a fellow yao, a noble from a foreign land, and a cowardly scholar, Kong Hongjun and Li Jinglong must work together to purge Chang'an of the yao lurking in its streets. In the meantime, Kong Hongjun also needs to hide his true identity from Li Jinglong who loathes yao—all while attempting to retrieve the Heart Lamp from his body.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As close encounters of the twisted kind between the residents of the planet Develuke (represented primarily by the female members of the royal family) and the inhabitants of Earth (represented mainly by one very exhausted Rito Yuki) continue to escalate, the situation spirals even further out of control. When junior princesses Nana and Momo transferred into Earth School where big sister LaLa can (theoretically) keep an eye on them, things SHOULD be smooth sailing. But when Momo decides she'd like to "supplement" Rito's relationship with LaLa with a little "sisterly love," you know LaLa's not going to waste any time splitting harems. Unfortunately, it's just about that point that Yami, the Golden Darkness, enters the scene with all the subtleness of a supernova, along with an army of possessed high school students! All of which is certain to make Rito's life suck more than a black hole at the family picnic. Unless, of course, a certain semi-demonic princess can apply a little of her Develukean Whoop Ass to exactly that portion of certain other heavenly bodies! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) In the scientifically advanced Academy City, a miracle is about to occur: the completion of the world's first space elevator, "Endymion." Meanwhile, a certain high school student, Touma Kamijou, and his companion Index are going about their daily lives when they encounter and befriend Arisa Meigo, a cheerful and ambitious singer. When strange occurrences begin taking place throughout the city, they lead to the discovery of an intricate plot surrounding Arisa and Endymion. Things only get more complicated when the Stiyl Magnus appears, signifying that the magical world is somehow involved too...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Onmyoudou magic was once a powerful technique used by the Japanese during the second World War in order for them to gain the upper hand and establish their nation as a formidable force. But Japan was quickly defeated after the revered onmyouji Yakou Tsuchimikado caused the "Great Spiritual Disaster," an event which plagues Tokyo to this very day. As a result of this mishap, the Onmyou Agency was established in order to exorcise further spiritual disasters and combat the demons that would make their way into the world.Now, Onmyoudou has become far more modern, simplified, and refined for use in a wide variety of applications such as medicine and technology. However, not everyone is able to utilize the magic, as is the case with Harutora, a member of the Tsuchimikado's branch family. Despite an old promise to protect Natsume, the heir of the Tsuchimikado's main family and Yakou's supposed reincarnation, as her familiar, Harutora has no talent and chooses to live a normal life instead. But when a prominent member of the Onmyou Agency attempts to recreate the same experiment which led to Japan's downfall, he decides to make good on his word and fight by Natsume's side.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When aliens known as the Oni threaten to invade the Earth, they promise to leave under one condition—a randomly-chosen human must win a one-on-one game of tag against Lum, the beautiful daughter of the Oni leader. The "lucky" person selected happens to be the lustful and unlucky high schooler Ataru Moroboshi. Given 10 days to attempt to grab Lum's horns, Ataru realizes how impossible the challenge is as he is faced with Lum's extraterrestrial powers.Motivated by a promise of marriage from his childhood friend Shinobu Miyake, Ataru manages to catch Lum off guard. He mistakenly grabs hold of her bikini top first, but he eventually achieves his true goal. Although the game is over, Lum misunderstands that she is the one whom Ataru wants to marry, and she decides to move in with him. The poor student constantly tries to shake off the clingy Lum while doing his best to reconcile with his desired fiancée. After Ataru's heroic feat results in such a disastrous outcome, it is questionable whether luck will ever be on his side.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kazamatsuri Shou's dream has always been to become a professional soccer player, but he has one problem: he's not very good at the game. He was accepted to the prestigious Musashi no Mori Junior High, known for its top rate soccer team, but he was never able to rise beyond the rank of third stringer. After transferring to Sakura Jousui Junior High, he can finally play soccer. And, with the support of his new friends and teammates, his strong determination, and lots of hard work, his soccer skills are developing rapidly and setting Shou well on his way to achieving his dream.(Source: ANN)The Wonderful Precure! anime is set in Animal Town, a town where animals and people live together in harmony. Second-year junior high school student Iroha Inukai is best friends with her dog named Komugi. Out for a walk one day, Iroha and Komugi encounter a mysterious creature named Garugaru, who goes on a rampage in the city. Komugi suddenly transforms into a Pretty Cure named Cure Wonderful, to protect Iroha.(Source: ANN)Strange things are happening around the town of Suiten. The daughter of a priest begins to see strange visions, spirits have started to roam the mountains, and Tarou Komori is having unsettling dreams. Due to the trauma of being kidnapped 11 years ago, he has repressed most of the memories that could shed light on what really happened all those years ago. But they return in his sleep, combined with encounters beyond the realm of dreams.As the supernatural and psychological collide, three children struggle to face their demons and repair the breach between the spiritual and corporeal worlds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The introduction of 7G Network technology promised miraculous technological advancements; however, the aftermath of its launch plunged Japan into chaos. From drastic changes to the terrain to bizarre mutations among people, the way of life is overwritten with new rules. The town of Agano is one of the few remaining settlements, and its citizens aged 21 and above have transformed into animals.Shizuru Chikura, a high school student from Agano, is desperately searching for her friend, Youka Nakatomi. Coming across a picture in a newspaper placing Youka in Ikebukuro, Shizuru starts packing for a trip. But with public transportation effectively shut down, her options are limited. Fortunately, Tairo Zenjirou, a senile old conductor and the only human adult in town, comes to the rescue when he teaches her how to operate an abandoned train.With her destination set, Shizuru ventures off on a journey to find her missing friend. On the day of departure, however, her other classmates—Nadeshiko Hoshi, Reimi Kuga, and Akira Shinonome—decide to tag along at the last minute as they embark on this one-track adventure that might expose them to dangers far surpassing anything they have encountered in Agano.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episodes 7-9 of the Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - The Beyond series. Major Land is a colorful world of music where instruments and notes come to life. During an annual concert event, Hummy, the cat songstress of Major Land, prepares to sing the "Melody of Happiness," capable of spreading happiness to worlds beyond. However, Mephisto, the king of Minor Land, interrupts the event and rewrites the score into the "Melody of Sorrow"—a dissonant composition that would instead cause despair when performed. In order to prevent this from happening, Hummy is tasked with finding the Precure, renowned warriors with an unmatched passion for music, and recreating the Melody of Happiness.Hummy arrives in Kanon Town, home of musically-inclined athlete Hibiki Houjou and studious baker Kanade Minamino. Engaging only in endless bickers, Hibiki and Kanade were formerly best friends and have since fallen out of touch. Their activities are stopped short by an unwelcome guest—the songstress of Minor Land, Siren. When Siren turns an important record into a gigantic monster, the girls' hearts resonate with the desire to protect what they hold dear and the two transform into the Suite Precure! As legendary warriors, Hibiki and Kanade will have to put their personal squabbles aside if they wish to protect the happiness of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episode in the 7th Blu-ray and DVD volumes.Bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge.Recap of all 12 episodes of Tonikaku Kawaii.This double feature comprises of Gunbuster and Die Buster (aka Gunbuster 2) condensed into a single theatrical release told in two parts with a musical intermission in between. The first part, Gunbuster the Movie, condenses the six episodes of the original OVA into a 95-minute movie featuring a new 5.1 audio remix and a redub by the original Japanese cast. The second part, Die Buster the Movie, mixes large chunks of the second OVA series with a few altered or newly-animated scenes to create a truncated take on Nono's story.(Source: ANN)The story follows a boy named Quon and others who suddenly wake up with supernatural powers.Daisuke Higashida is a serious first-year student at Higashizaka High School. He lives a peaceful everyday life even though he is not satisfied with the family who doesn't laugh at all and makes him tired. However, his father's company goes bankrupt one day, and he can no longer afford allowances, cellphone bills, and commuter tickets. When his father orders him to take up a part-time job, Daisuke decides to work at a nearby family restaurant in order to avoid traveling 15 kilometers to school by bicycle.Having problems with his meridians and thus rendered incapable of practicing the internal arts, Qin Yu lives in seclusion with Grandfather Lian. To cheer up a depressed Qin Yu, Lian gifts him a peculiar bird, which the former names Xiao Hei.Wanting to be recognized by his father, Qin Yu embarks on the path of cultivation. With Zhao Yunxing's rigorous training method, he strives to overcome his physiological hindrance and become an expert in the external arts. While resting from one such training session, Qin Yu discovers a red crystal that, to his surprise, fuses with his body. Unbeknownst to him, this subtle transformation gives Qin Yu astounding abilities that will aid him as he sets out, with Xiao Hei in tow, to prove that he is worthy of his father's acknowledgement.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shiraishi Urara is the top student in her school. One day, due to an accidental kiss, Urara finds herself in the body of the school delinquent, Yamada Ryuu! In trying to switch back to their own bodies, Urara and Ryuu discover that kissing causes them to switch bodies, which leads to their discovery that there are 7 witches in their school. They soon try to uncover the identities of the 7 witches...(Source: AniDB)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.The emergence of the dimensional tunnel sets the background for a new space era in which space travelling can be designated to planets outside the solar system. Hoshiwatari Goro is a space traveller who goes in search for his father whose whereabouts are shrouded with obscurity. His only link to his father is an old photograph. In order to attain his goal, Goro participates in a young space travelling company known as "YAT" which organises tours to different planets. However, in the midst of his journey, he was involved in an accident which resulted in the destruction of the spaceship. As a form of compensation, he had to work for YAT and this sparks off a train of space adventures for him.(Source: ANN)Lately, the stress of having to constantly keep his destructive power under control is causing the Red King Mikoto Suoh to become unstable. Meanwhile, Reisi Munakata is chosen by the Dresden Slate to become the new Blue King.(Source: TubiTV)With the divorce of his parents, seven-year-old Koyomi Hidaka makes the important decision to live with his father. As a researcher at the Japanese Institute of Virtual Science, Koyomi's father is involved in the investigation of the phenomenon of parallel worlds. Through his father's job, the young boy meets Shiori Satou, the daughter of another divorced researcher. Soon becoming friends, the two spend much of their childhood together.As Koyomi and Shiori grow closer together over the years, the two intend to marry in the future. However, their plan comes to a halt when their parents decide to marry each other. Now fated to being step-siblings, the two friends refuse to accept their new reality. Using their parents' research, Koyomi and Shiori escape to a parallel world to start their lives anew together, only to face repercussions that will put the very futures they strove for in danger. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Once upon a time, there were two rival kingdoms that did not get along. Every day, they argued over insignificant matters. When a dispute over removing dog waste ultimately turned into a war, God swiftly intervened and directed the two nation's leaders to exchange the most beautiful girl and the most intelligent young man for bride and bridegroom, respectively.Saara, the princess of country A, meets the prince of country B, Naranbayar. As they pretend to be a married couple to protect the peace between the countries, they find themselves gradually falling in love.(Source: MAL News)Fudou Aikawa and Desumi Magahara have just started dating, but no one is allowed to know! Nicknamed "Red Gelato," Fudou is the leader of "Gelato 5," a group of heroes dedicated to protecting Japan. On the other hand, the "Reaper Princess" Desumi is one of the combatant leaders of "Gekko," an evil secret society bent on world domination and considered Gelato 5's greatest foe. As they pretend to be mortal enemies, Fudou and Desumi sneak away from battle to spend time together.Despite their inexperience with romance, Fudou and Desumi strive to make their relationship work while avoiding suspicion from their comrades. With their loyalties divided between each other and their respective sides, the couple will have to stay on guard if they want to keep their love a secret from the rest of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to the Kuroshitsuji website, there are 6 OVAs included in the DVD releases.DVD 2: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 1)This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story.DVD 3: Welcome to the Phantomhive'sThis is meant to be like a simulation game. Elizabeth invites a lady (perhaps the viewer) to join her at a ball held at the Phantomhive mansion.DVD 5: The Making of Kuroshitsuji IIThis is a Hollywood style documentary with behind the scenes interviews with Sebastian, Ciel, Claude and Alois etc.DVD 6: Ciel in Wonderland (Part 2)This re-imagines the cast of Kuroshitsuji II as characters in Lewis Carroll's Alice in Wonderland story.DVD 8: The Tale of William the ShinigamiWilliam and Grell have to train new shinigami and reminisce about when they were training partners.DVD 9: The Spider's IntentionThe life in Trancy household and how those work under Alois is caring for him.Life has returned to some form of normalcy after the end of the series, and so His Majesty Yuuri Shibuya travels to oversee how things are going. While doing so, he runs into the king of Small Shimeron--Sararegi. But it seems there may be something more to him than the friendly king he presents himself as. Yuuri go back to Shimaron to relax and meet some friends, when the "king" of Little Shimaron suddenly joins the group and wants the Maou to come to his country. The Original king sends a message to Yuuri's brother and his friend that Yuuri is in trouble.(Source: ANN)Tokyo-born schoolboy Yukitaka Tsutsui is moving to Yamagata Prefecture for high school on a baseball scholarship. Since he went to the top middle school in Japan for baseball, the townsfolk are very excited about his arrival. However, when he arrives in his apartment, he encounters a strange man nonchalantly reading and wearing his clothes! The stranger claims to be an alien who crash-landed on Earth and has nowhere to go. Revealing himself to be Baka Ki El Dogra, the crown prince of the planet Dogra, he is just one of the hundreds of aliens that have already made Earth their home.Despite his regal origins, the prince is an infamous intergalactic fool who thinks nothing of inconveniencing others for his own amusement. Whether he is running ridiculous tests on his subordinates, giving strange powers to random children, or just generally being a nuisance, nobody is safe from the idiot prince's antics![Written by MAL Rewrite]Otonokizaka High School is in a crisis! With the number of enrolling students dropping lower and lower every year, the school is set to shut down after its current first years graduate. However, second year Honoka Kousaka refuses to let it go without a fight. Searching for a solution, she comes across popular school idol group A-RISE and sets out to create a school idol group of her own. With the help of her childhood friends Umi Sonoda and Kotori Minami, Honoka forms μ's (pronounced "muse") to boost awareness and popularity of her school.Unfortunately, it's all easier said than done. Student council president Eri Ayase vehemently opposes the establishment of a school idol group and will do anything in her power to prevent its creation. Moreover, Honoka and her friends have trouble attracting any additional members. But the Love Live, a competition to determine the best and most beloved school idol groups in Japan, can help them gain the attention they desperately need. With the contest fast approaching, Honoka must act quickly and diligently to try and bring together a school idol group and win the Love Live in order to save Otonokizaka High School.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Another Shinichi and Ran pre-story.Residing within Tokyo's district of Ueno are the Colors, three individuals who protect their city by performing good deeds and aiding their community. Or, at the very least, they pretend to be the city's defenders. In reality, the Colors are just three young girls: the shy Yui Akamatsu, the noisy Sacchan, and the video game-loving Kotoha, who spend their time playing make-believe and exploring the city. The Colors' activities are facilitated by the grandfatherly Daigorou "Pops" Kujiraoka, who uses his store's inventory of knick-knacks to entertain the rambunctious trio.Not everyone is a fan of the Colors though. The local policeman Saitou just wants to deal with his regular duties, but he often finds himself the target of the Colors' attention, having been made the villain in most of their fantasies. But despite his personal feelings, Saitou always finds the time to go along with the three girls' games. Even though the Colors do not actually defend Ueno, they definitely help brighten everyone's day.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world filled with strange yet majestic creatures known as Pokémon, a new adventure begins! Hailing from the pristine region of Paldea, the timid Liko travels to the Kanto region to attend the Indigo Academy and become a Pokémon trainer—a person who forms relationships with Pokémon and trains them to participate in battles. Soon, Liko acquires Nyahoja, a fickle Grass-type cat Pokémon, as her first partner.Prior to Liko's transfer to Kanto, her grandmother gives her a uniquely patterned and gleaming pendant as a protective charm. However, an enigmatic organization—The Explorers—seems to know a secret about the pendant and nearly succeeds in stealing it from Liko. Fortunately, she is rescued by the Rising Volt Tacklers, a group of adventurers led by a Lizardon-riding trainer named Friede.After a series of encounters with The Explorers, Liko decides to join Friede's team, accompanying him and his crew members on a grand journey across the regions. Along the way, they aim to unravel not only the mysteries of the world of Pokémon, but also the power that resides within her pendant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The anime tells the story of a boy named Akio and his encounter with a Hisuian Zorua. When he was younger, Akio's father taught him that people and Pokémon cannot live together. But Akio's interactions with the Zorua might offer a different lesson.(Source: The Pokémon Company)Satoshi and Pikachu have arrived in Lumiose City of the illustrious Kalos region to capture more Pokémon and continue their journey toward becoming the very best. Meanwhile, a genius inventor named Citron and his little sister Eureka wander the city when they run into Satoshi who quickly challenges them to a battle. However, they are soon caught up in a dangerous incident when Team Rocket, following Satoshi into Kalos, cause a Gaburias to rampage through the city.Far away in the quiet Vaniville Town, a young girl named Serena slogs through daily Sihorn riding practice at the behest of her mother, a professional Sihorn racer. After practice, she sees the events unfolding in Miare City on television where she recognizes a boy from her childhood. Having left a significant impact on her life, the sight of him stirs in her a desire to meet him again; and so, Serena sets off to Miare City, determined to find the boy from her past.Pokemon XY follows the group as they travel throughout Kalos in pursuit of their ambitions—Satoshi challenging Pokémon gyms, Citron learning from Satoshi, and Serena searching for what exactly her dream is. Along the way, they meet new friends, face new rivals, and continue to thwart Team Rocket's schemes, all the while discovering a little about the mysteries of mega evolution.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, since the Earth has become overpopulated, efforts to find and colonize on other planets have begun. However, one of the ships, the "Mesopotamia" malfunctions and all but 6 of its inhabitants are all killed. the remaining 6 manage to escape to a nearby planet named "Terra ll ", which is similar to Earth in many respects. However, all of them are male. Therefore, as to not let their efforts go to waste, they begin to set up 6 countries and to reproduce through cloning and genetic engineering. however, there are still no women, and to make up for it they create lifelike advanced female androids called "Marionettes" which do everyday chores and work. However, they are all emotionless machines. But one day, a ordinary boy named Otaru finds and awakens 3 special battle type Marionettes that have emotions due to a "Maiden Circuit" within them. It's up to him then to teach them and allow their emotions to grow, and when a nearby country threatens with world domination, it's up to to Otaru and his "human" Marionettes to protect their country.A special summary episode of the first season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on seven of the girls: Komori Kiri, Matoi Tsunetsuki, Kobushi Abiru, Kimura Kaere, Kitsu Chiri, Sekiuchi "Maria" Tarou and Hitou Nami.Note: This entry also includes the 24 minute version which aired on BS11.When a hole opened up in the world and monsters flooded out, humanity prepared for the demon lord Rukimedes' rise once again. However, even the gravity of this situation cannot impede the antics of straight man hero Alba Frühling and sadist soldier Ross.Ross, trapped within a plane between two worlds due to Januar Ein's magic, encounters the demon lord taking a nap and looking far too comfortable in his confinement. Simultaneously, Alba, once again in prison, has been sidelined in favor of his eccentric companion's hijinks.Although separated, Ross and Alba continue their attempts to prevent the demon lord's resurgence, but unbeknownst to them, a ghost from Ross' past may just threaten their quest's success.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humanity is under attack by demonic creatures called Oni. Unable to fight back by any other means, the scientist Dr. Saotome creates a series of giant robots that harness the mysterious power of Getter Rays, giving them the strength necessary to fight the Oni. The strongest of these is Getter Robo, and Saotome must enlist three very different men to pilot it - martial artist Ryoma Nagare, criminal leader Hayato Jin, and monk Benkei Musashibou. Together, the Getter Team fights to end the Oni menace forever.(Source: ANN)While testing out his camera on a bridge one summer night, Kaito Kirishima sees a blue light streaking across the sky, only to be blown off the railing seconds later. Just before succumbing to unconsciousness, a hand reaches down to grab ahold of his own. Dazed and confused, Kaito wakes up the next morning wondering how he ended up back in his own room with no apparent injuries or any recollection of the night before. As he proceeds with his normal school life, Kaito and his friends discuss what to do with his camera, finally deciding to make a film with it over their upcoming summer break. Noticing that Kaito has an interest in the new upperclassmen Ichika Takatsuki, his friend Tetsurou Ishigaki decides to invite her, as well as her friend Remon Yamano, to join them in their movie project.In what becomes one of the most entertaining and exciting summers of their lives, Kaito and his friends find that their time spent together is not just about creating a film, but something much more meaningful that will force them to confront their true feelings and each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When 11-year-old Wataru's father leaves home and his mother is taken ill to the hospital, he decides to change his fate by traveling through the door shown to him by his friend Mitsuru. In a land of magic and monsters, Wataru must summon all his courage and embark on a journey with several comrades to meet the Goddess of Destiny and change this "mistaken fate."(Source: ANN)The International Junior Youth Tournament in Paris, France, is about to begin, and Tsubasa, Misaki, Wakabayashi, Hyuga, and Wakashimazu are ready. Japan’s team of elite players is to face off against the best the soccer world has to offer. Germany’s Schneider, France’s Pierre, Argentina’s Diaz, and Italy’s Hernandez await, along with a host of other new rivals. Let the battle begin!(Source: VIZ Media)Due to the violence portrayed in the Cowboy Bebop world and violence in Japanese schools, the series was briefly cancelled and an extra session was created as a final episode to the first thirteen episodes aired. Called "Session XX: Mish-Mash Blues," a compilation of clips from previous episodes, it aired on June 26, 1998 on TV Tokyo. The episode was never released on DVD. In it, the characters provide a philosophical commentary and end with the words: This Is Not The End. You Will See The Real "Cowboy Bebop" Someday!(Source: AniDB)The film's story begins with Shinnosuke and his friends of "Kasukabe Defence Force" experiencing a one-week stay in "Tenkatōitsu Kasukabe Private Academy" (nicknamed "Tenkazu"), an elite boarding school that is administrated by a state-of-the-art AI, "Otsmun". All the students are given a badge initially with 1000 points and their points are increased/decreased by Otsmun based on their behaviors and academic performance. In there someone attacks Kazama. As a result, his intelligence is reduced, and strange bite marks are left on his butt. The Kasukabe Defense Force joins forces with the school's dropout student council president Chishio Atsuki, who was a former athlete, to form a group of detectives and solve the mystery.(Source: Wkipedia)One year has passed after the great battle against the "Orochi" (gigantic snake). Tenka had been paralyzed from the final battle and he took part of the government's human experiment before the battle. Tenka withdrew himself from society, but his younger brothers, Soramaru and Chuutaro, find out the secret past about their older brother.(Source: Amazon Prime Video)Doraemon and friends run away from their home and travel back in time to the 70,000 years ago where nobody existed to build their ideal private paradise. After they fully relished the freedom in the era, Doraemon and friends bid farewell to their paradise and come back to the present day. However, a few days after they came back home, Doraemon and friends bump into a caveman called "Kukul" in the current era. They find out that the caveman Kukul was accidentally transported forward to the present, and that his tribe called Hikari tribe was attacked and abducted by Giga Zombie and Kurayami tribe after Doraemon and friends left the primitive age.Doraemon and friends decide to go back to the primitive age to save Hikari tribe from the villain.They dive into a grand adventure during their first and the furthest runaway.(Source: Toho)When Kamogawa Asumi was just a baby, her mother was grievously injured when a rocket crashed to the ground. Five years later, having been in a coma all the time, Asumi's mother finally dies, and the little girl struggles to come to terms with the death of a mother she barely remembers. In the midst of her turmoil, she meets "Lion-san," a strange figure wearing a lion mask and claiming to be a ghost. Lion-san helps Asumi to bury her mother's ashes, and finally, Asumi reaches her own decision: "When I grow up, I'm going to be a rocket pilot."(Source: ANN)Nicholas Brown and Worick Arcangelo, known in the city of Ergastalum as the "Handymen," are mercenaries for hire who take on jobs no one else can handle. Contracted by powerful mob syndicates and police alike, the Handymen have to be ready and willing for anything. After completing the order of killing a local pimp, the Handymen add Alex Benedetto—a prostitute also designated for elimination—to their ranks to protect her from forces that want her gone from the decrepit hellhole of a city she has come to call home. However, this criminal’s paradise is undergoing a profound period of change that threatens to corrode the delicate balance of power.Ergastalum was once a safe haven for "Twilights," super-human beings born as the result of a special drug but are now being hunted down by a fierce underground organization. This new threat is rising up to challenge everything the city stands for, and the Handymen will not be able to avoid this coming war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Agedama is a small boy going to elementary school and having the usual problems for a boy of his age. He is also secretly a superhero-in-training (called "Agedaman"). Along with Wapuro, his floating computer companion, he fights against a criminal organization who can turn humans into monsters of various types. (Source: AniDB)Sequel to Given Movie.Kumiko Yamaguchi is smart, enthusiastic, and ready to start her dream job as a math teacher at Shirokin Academy. But as her first day opens on atrocious students and cowering teachers, Kumiko realizes that the all-boys high school is a cesspool of delinquents with no intention of improving themselves.However, what her rowdy students don't know is that behind her dorky facade, Kumiko is the acting head of a powerful yakuza clan, and she has the skills to prove it! Capable of overpowering even the strongest of gangsters in seconds, Kumiko must keep her incredible strength and criminal influence a secret in order to keep her job. Unfortunately, with the vice principal constantly trying to get her fired and Shin Sawada, the leader of her class of delinquents, suspecting she's stronger than she lets on, Kumiko has a difficult teaching career ahead of her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On December 24, 2029—the day colloquially known as the "Lost Christmas"—the Apocalypse Virus spread across Japan, bringing death to its citizens and plunging the country into utter chaos. In an effort to establish order, the United Nations sends the GHQ to assist with the crisis by containing the outbreak while removing all political autonomy in the process. A decade later, the country still lives under their control, unable to break free from their draconian rule.Frustrated with the state of the nation, a resistance group named the Funeral Parlor aims to liberate Japan from the GHQ. Led by the charismatic Gai Tsutsugami, the group plots to steal a vial containing the "Void Genome" to further their goals. The vial falls into the hands of internet vocalist Inori Yuzuriha, who ends up being hunted by the GHQ's Anti-Bodies forces. Having nowhere to go, she seeks refuge in a warehouse where she meets Shuu Ouma—a socially awkward high school student who is a huge fan of her music.Shuu gets dragged into the conflict the moment he rescues Inori, and the Void Genome shatters in his hand, granting him the "Power of the Kings." While learning how to control his grand new ability, Shuu must now fight to liberate Japan from its cruel oppressors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The infamous series of unexplainable murders in Hinamizawa have been solved and the chains of fate have broken due to the efforts of Rika Furude and her friends. Rika believes she has finally obtained the normal and peaceful life she desired with her friends; however, she is proven wrong when the wheels of fate begin turning once again after an unfortunate accident.Rika suddenly finds herself in a "perfect" world, the constant cycle of brutal killings having never taken place, where all of her friends are content and satisfied. Not wanting to abandon the world that she fought so hard for, she learns she must destroy an essential "key" to get back. But can Rika abandon the faultless world she is given the chance to live in, after all of her battles have brought her this far?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The fourth part of the new Hokuto no Ken pentalogy (3 movies, 2 OVAs). Dissatisfied with Impact Blue's growing reputation as the fastest racer on Mount Usui, Mako Satou decides to break out of her mold and dedicate her time toward becoming a professional racer. However, as she prepares for this next stage in her life, Mako bumps into an ex-boyfriend, prompting an awkward exchange that makes her resolve waver. But, the question arises whether this second chance at love is enough for Mako to give up her newfound passion for racing permanently.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When her newly-built home is razed to the ground by an earthquake, low-achieving, clumsy, and troublesome third-year high school student Kotoko Aihara is forced to share a roof with the school's—and possibly Japan's—smartest student, Naoki Irie. Kotoko is not actually a complete stranger to Irie-kun; unfortunately, a single love letter that she tried to give him in the past has already sealed her fate as far as he is concerned. Throw in some quirky friends and a meddlesome mother, and Kotoko might not even have a snowball's chance in hell of winning the older Irie boy's heart. Yet Kotoko remains optimistic that, because she now lives in his house, her unattainable crush on the genius since the beginning of high school has never been more within reach.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After becoming an orphan, Heidi is forced to live with her grandfather Öhi, who lives in the Alps. She learns he's a very bitter man who only accepted by force to take her in. But Heidi's kindness may be able to open his heart. Together with the shepherd Peter and invalid Clara, she has lots of adventures.(Source: adapted from ANN) Humanity finds itself in a struggle when the sea level begins to rise to an unprecedented level in the year 2039. To make matters worse, powerful enemies resembling old wartime vessels called the Fleet of Fog roam the waters, severing communication and transit to various regions.Any attempt at retaliation ends in failure with humanity's current weaponry. Only Gunzou Chihaya stands a chance against the Fleet of Fog as captain of the friendly Fog I-401 submarine Iona. As a result, Gunzou and his crew, known as Blue Steel, are tasked with a critical delivery mission by the Japanese government: they must deliver humanity's last hope against the Fleet of Fog, the Vibration Torpedo Warhead, through hostile waters to the United States for mass production.Though involved in the unsavory conflict, Blue Steel strives for nothing more than a peaceful resolution to it. As Iona undertakes the current mission and tasks beyond it, the crew upholds their values even in the face of harsh situations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Life is not going well for 28-year-old Kyouya Hashiba. Having left his office job to pursue a career in the video game industry, his internship at a popular game studio abruptly ends, leaving him unemployed and forcing him to move back in with his parents. Additionally, his jealousy toward the success of the "Platinum Generation"—a group of similarly-aged creators—has caused him to regret his decision to attend a traditional university instead of an arts college. Even though he believes there are no second chances in life, Kyouya is suddenly given one when he wakes up one day and finds himself 10 years in the past.Instead of choosing business school like he originally had, Kyouya decides to pursue his passions and attends the Oonaka University of Art. There, he meets classmate Eiko Kawasegawa, the woman who had hired him as an intern in the present, alongside his new housemates and future Platinum Generation members: underachieving artist Aki Shino, aspiring singer and actress Nanako Kogure, and naturally-gifted writer Tsurayuki Rokuonji.With each project they complete together, Kyouya and his friends venture closer to discovering their true potential as creators and remaking their lives into the ideal versions they desire.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When computers start to look like humans, can love remain the same?Hideki Motosuwa is a young country boy who is studying hard to get into college. Coming from a poor background, he can barely afford the expenses, let alone the newest fad: Persocoms, personal computers that look exactly like human beings. One evening while walking home, he finds an abandoned Persocom. After taking her home and managing to activate her, she seems to be defective, as she can only say one word, "Chii," which eventually becomes her name. Unlike other Persocoms, however, Chii cannot download information onto her hard drive, so Hideki decides to teach her about the world the old-fashioned way, while studying for his college entrance exams at the same time.Along with his friends, Hideki tries to unravel the mystery of Chii, who may be a "Chobit," an urban legend about special units that have real human emotions and thoughts, and love toward their owner. But can romance flourish between a Persocom and a human? [Written by MAL Rewrite]A beautiful pianist comes to Tokyo for a charity concert, and City Hunter is there. But music isn`t his forte; he wants lessons in the language of love. Desperation becomes the word of the day as the bodies start dropping. A foreign dignitary is assassinated in cold blood. Secret agents scour the streets for a missing microchip. Diplomatic infighting swirls around the upcoming concert, and City Hunter is the only hope! (Source: AnimeNfo)The Future Foundation is in shambles after the Final Killing Game and the revelation of the true culprit. As a desperate plot arises from one of the survivors to rid the world of despair once and for all, the remaining Future Foundation members must band together to stop this atrocity from taking place. Fortunately, they find themselves with help from a group of unlikely allies as they race against the clock to stop their world from being changed.In this finale to the Hope's Peak storyline of the Danganronpa series, the players in this neverending death game begin to understand the true meaning behind despair, hope, and atonement.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the defeat of a great adversary, Gokuu Son and his friends live peaceful lives on Earth. Meanwhile, in space, Beerus the God of Destruction awakens from his long slumber, having dreamed of an entity known as a Super Saiyan God. With the help of his assistant, Whis, Beerus looks for this powerful being, as he wishes to fight a worthy opponent. After discovering that the Saiyan home planet was destroyed, he tracks down the remaining Saiyans on Earth, looking for Gokuu specifically.Having only heard of the Super Saiyan God in legends, Gokuu and his comrades summon Shen Long the Eternal Dragon, who they find out is afraid of Beerus. After learning the secret of the Super Saiyan God, an intense battle between Gokuu and Beerus commences, the immense power of which puts the Earth in terrible danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Death does not have to be the end; one can live again, but only through beating the game posed by the black ball called Gantz.On his way home to celebrate his younger brother's birthday, brave and kind-hearted student named Masaru Katou is stabbed to death. He awakes in a small room with a cityscape view in the heart of Tokyo—and he is not alone. To his surprise, it is not the afterlife, but the waiting room for a high stakes game with their lives on the line. Before he has the chance to process the situation, Masaru is handed a gun and teleported into the center of Osaka to carry out one simple task: eliminate any alien on sight.Accompanied by the aged Yoshikazu Suzuki, the stunning idol Reika Shimohira, and the cold but experienced Jouichirou Nishi, Masaru must overcome his fears in order to survive the game and return home to his waiting brother.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Giovanni is a young boy who lives on the outskirts of a small rustic village. His mother is bedridden and his father has not returned home since leaving to work on a fishing boat. An outcast at school, Giovanni has only one friend: Campanella, the mayor's son. During the town's Festival of Stars, Giovanni starts to daydream atop a hill and looks up to find a steam engine train floating in the air. He boards the train only to find his friend Campanella already there. And so, the two begin their journey through the stars where they come across unusual people and visit many beautiful and haunting places.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Yomota family is small and typical: father Kinekuni (42), mother Tamiko (38), and son Inumaru (17). One day, a beautiful girl appears at their front door, calling herself "Maroko Yomota," granddaughter of Inumaru who travels back in time with a time machine to visit her ancestors. Even with Tamiko's strong objection, Kinekuni and Inumaru welcome her to stay with them, and the structure of a happy family has begun to collapse. (Source: ANN)Two short OVA of Hakuouki distributed to those who purchased all six volumes of the DVD. A fandisc game "Hakuoki Zuisouroku" and an official parody "Hakuoki SSL (a high school parody)" were animated.Third season of Hanhua Riji.Within everyone there exists a side preferably kept hidden, even from close friends. For the smart and popular Kyouko Hori, it's the fact that she has to do all the housework and care for her little brother, Souta, because of her parents' busy work schedules. For the gentle Izumi Miyamura, whom everybody sees as an otaku, it's his nine hidden piercings and large body tattoo.So what happens when they accidentally discover each other's hidden sides? Sharing parts of themselves that they couldn't with anyone else, strong bonds of friendship soon begin to form between Miyamura and Hori, as well as those around them. As their hidden personas start to dissipate, they slowly learn how to open up to others.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Western Restaurant Nekoya is a popular eatery located on a street corner in a Tokyo shopping district. Serving both traditional Japanese fare as well as Western dishes, this eating establishment is popular among Tokyo's residents. But this seemingly ordinary restaurant is also popular with another type of clientele...While the restaurant is thought to be closed on Saturdays, the truth is that on this special day each week, its doors are instead opened to the inhabitants of other worlds. From dragons and elves to fairies and mages, this restaurant has no shortage of strange customers. Nevertheless, the enigmatic chef known only as "Master" will be waiting to serve up their favorite dishes with a kind smile and keep them coming back for many more Saturdays to come. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Amu Hinamori is a shy girl who struggles to make friends in part due to the rumors spread around school about her "cool and spicy" personality. Wishing that she could show everyone her "would-be" self, Amu wakes up to the presence of three colorful and ornately decorated eggs in her bed. Each of these "Hearts Eggs" houses a "Guardian Character"—manifestations of someone's would-be self and their dreams. With the aid of Ran, Miki, and Su, Amu now finds herself able to express who she truly is. However, things do not always pan out in her favor.The sudden appearance of Amu's Guardian Characters prompts the Seiyo Elementary Guardians, a student council-like group with each member possessing their own Guardian Character, to take notice of her. As someone who has multiple Characters, Amu is roped into being the Guardians' "Joker," tasked with helping them find X Eggs—corrupted versions of one's Hearts Egg. As she becomes entangled in the Guardians' quest, Amu begins to uncover more about these mysterious Characters, the X Eggs, and the organization that seems to be at the center of it all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Friends will only let you down—that is the sad truth Mei Tachibana lives with, ever since she was wrongfully blamed for the death of a class pet by her so-called friends in grade school. Since then, she has stayed away from people in order to avoid ever being hurt again. However, Mei's life begins to change drastically when a misunderstanding in high school causes her to encounter popular student Yamato Kurosawa.Yamato finds her intriguing and insists on being her friend, even though Mei wants nothing to do with him. But when a dangerous situation ends with Yamato kissing Mei to save her from the unwanted attention of a stalker, Mei begins to develop feelings for him. On the heels of her discovery that their feelings are mutual, they start dating and she gains not only a boyfriend, but friends as well. Mei, however, finds it very hard to adapt to this new lifestyle, especially in expressing her true feelings towards Yamato.Throughout misunderstandings of their new relationship, each other, and the attentions of other girls, Mei and Yamato slowly grow closer and learn the true meaning of those three little words: "I love you."[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sporting designer clothes, make-up, and nails, Ran Kotobuki is the very picture of a trendy, young Shibuya girl, but don't let that fool you. This girl comes from a family of cops, and she’s ready to lay you out flat if you even think about causing trouble in her town! At least, she will... when she’s not distracted with karaoke, shopping, and dodging her homework. Join Ran and her friends as they defend the streets of Shibuya and attempt to shop their way into the history books as the most famous Gals ever!(Source: RightStuf)Inside the Usagiyama Shopping District lies an eccentric but close-knit community of business owners. Tamako Kitashirakawa, a clumsy though adorable teenage girl, belongs to a family of mochi bakers who own a quaint shop called Tama-ya. One day, Tamako stumbles upon a talking bird that presents himself as royalty from a distant land. Dera Mochimazzi, as he calls himself, states that he’s seeking a bride for his country’s prince. Intent on his mission, Dera follows Tamako home and develops an addiction to mochi, becoming painfully overweight and subsequently unable to fly back to his homeland; thus, he takes up residence with Tamako's family and becomes the community’s beloved mascot.Meanwhile, Tamako's friend, Mochizou Ooji, continues to hide his true feelings for her. Their fathers are fierce mochi rivals, but will it be enough to drive a wedge between Tamako and Mochizou? And just what will happen to Dera's task of finding his prince’s destined bride?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season to the original Tiger Mask, with a different cast of characters.A recap of Tsurune: Kazemai Koukou Kyuudoubu with new scenes.Minato Narumiya reignites his passion for kyudo, the Japanese martial art of archery. Along with his friends in the school kyudo club, he returns for this feature-length sports anime film.(Source: HIDIVE)In the fight between the Dragons of Heaven and the Dragons of Earth, the dream seer Princess Hinoto predicts the end of humanity. A central entity, 15-year-old Kamui Shirou, is to choose whether to ally with the Dragons of Earth and destroy civilization to protect the planet or with the Dragons of Heaven to save mankind.Following his mother's last wish, Kamui returns to Tokyo after six years of self-imposed exile. There, he attempts to steal the Sacred Sword from the temple protected by Kyougo Monou—the father of his childhood friends, Fuuma and Kotori. However, after Kamui's venture fails, a mysterious person manages to obtain the sword instead.Believing Kamui to be the man in her prophecy, Hinoto sends the Dragons of Heaven after him to rally him to their cause. Although Kamui first rejects his destiny, the incessant attacks by the Dragons of Earth against those he holds dear push him to decide whether the lives of his friends should prevail over the fate of the Earth and finally pick a side.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unable to achieve the desired results on the first and second days of the Inter-High competition, members of the Souhoku High Bicycle Racing Club use their frustration as motivation to perform better on the final day of the race. However, it is easier said than done as they are up against the overwhelming talent of Hakone Academy and the shrewd strategies of Kyoto Fushimi High.Despite the challenge, Souhoku members are not disheartened by the obstacles that they need to overcome. After all, no matter what their opponents try, Souhoku will have the last laugh as long as they are the first to cross the finish line.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Revered as heroes for their role in defending Tristain, Louise Françoise and her familiar Saito Hiraga face heavy pressure to continue protecting the Kingdom. With an uneasy peace now established within Albion, the newly crowned Queen Henrietta must deal with a political struggle brewing on the horizon. To make matters worse, a new villain has begun plotting in the shadows against the Crown.With the continuing threats that face the Kingdom, Louise and Saito are compelled to work together once more. No longer "Louise the Zero," the young mage's newfound aptitude for Void magic gives her enough power to wipe out an entire village; however, wielding these abilities comes with its share of challenges. As more conflicts arise, the idea of placing honor above oneself is put into question—regardless of their answer, their only choice is to see it through until the end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Zhang Xiaofan, who was tragically orphaned overnight, was accepted as a disciple by Qingyunmen. After five years of hard training, he excelled in the martial arts of the Seven Vessels of the Mastermen. Senior sister Lu Xueqi was in danger and met Baguio, the woman who rescued the demon sect. At the same time, new dangers were also waiting for him.(Source: Tencent Video)The dark-haired bishounen is Sakon Tachibana, a puppeteer, and the other is Ukon, his favorite puppet, and best friend. Sakon is the (only) grandson of Saemon Tachibana, a national treasure of Japan famous for his manipulation of Bunraku puppets. Ukon is a child doll puppet made in the early Meiji era by the famous female dollmaker Unosuke. Together they run into murders and solve them.(Source: AnimeNfo)The movie begins with Fuyuki Hinata and the Keroro Platoon exploring an abandoned temple in the mountaintop city of Machu Picchu in Peru. While on the exploration, Keroro accidentally sets off a trap, and by chance they find a hidden chamber with a large blue crystal in the center, on a stand that has a key in it. Keroro leans on the key, causing the room to activate a mysterious machine, this caused the entire temple to shake. As soon as the group realized what was happening, they run out of the room. While running, Keroro accidentally loses his Kero Ball while Fuyuki catches a fleeting glimpse of a glowing young woman as he is running out, and tells Keroro that there was a girl in the room, but he is forced to leave the room before he can say anything else. The group successfully escapes, while the girl (now sprouting a pair of glowing wings) watches them leave - while back in the chamber, something is growing within the crystal... (Source: AniDB) For years, the Niflheim Empire and the kingdom of Lucis have been at war. The empire, having dominated most of the world of Eos, covets the power of the last known Crystal, which is held in Lucis' capital city, Insomnia.In order to protect his people from these advancing forces, King Regis Lucis Caelum CXIII used the power of the Crystal to surround Insomnia with a magical wall. Along with this barrier, Regis assembled an elite military task force known as the Kingsglaive. By drawing their power from the king, the Kingsglaive protect Lucis' borders from the onslaught of the empire and other forces that would do them harm.One such member of the Kingsglaive is Nyx, a man nicknamed "The Hero" by his fellow warriors due to his arrogance and desire to save everyone. However, his pride gets the better of him, causing him to disobey his captain's orders, resulting in a demotion. Now, Nyx spends his days guarding the city gates, but things begin to change once word gets out that Regis plans to sign a peace treaty with their sworn enemies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVA episodes that are bundled with the limited edition of the manga volumes 23-25. First episode to cover chapters 176 and 177 of the manga. Second episode to cover chapters 178-180. And third episode to cover chapters 182 and 183.In the human realm, witches and wizards seem to be mere creations of fantasy. Ever the adventurous teenager, Mirai Asahina sets out to disprove this notion by following the tracks of a peculiar shooting star that had fallen the night before. Sure enough, Mirai soon has a chance encounter with Liko—a clumsy witch apprentice who hails from the Magic World, a colorful realm inhabited by magicians.As if by fate, the appearance of strange villains forces Mirai and Liko to join hands. In doing so, they unleash their strength as a pair of legendary magicians—the "Maho Girls Precure!" Now gifted with unbelievable power, the unlikely duo embarks on an adventure filled with magical spells and powerful gemstones. Along the way, the two girls discover the hidden marvels that tie their individual worlds together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the with the ninth limited edition volume of the Majimoji Rurumo: Houkago no Mahou Chuugakusei manga.Diana invites Kogorou and Ran to London, but since Conan cannot travel with his invented name, Ai gives him a temporary antidote, letting him travel as Kudou Shin'ichi. Together with Professor Agasa they are on a plane to London.Back in Japan, Ai now lives with Ayumi. Near their apartment, a suspicious man clothed in black named Kurokawa Youji has been trying to track down and now has found Ai. Shortly after Mitsuhiko notices a picture in a magazine of a foreign actress named Grace Aihara, who looks exactly like Ai, Conan calls, ominously instructing Mitsuhiko to keep Ai away from the Professor's house. And so, Mitsuhiko and Genta go about trying to protect Ai...(Source: foo2)Loosely based on the "Sherlock Holmes" series by Sir Arthur Conan Doyle, Sherlock Hound turns all the classic characters into dogs. The canine Sherlock Holmes, his assistant Watson, and housemaid Mrs. Hudson work together to solve mysteries. The culprit is usually Professor Moriarty and his gang, who use all kinds of wacky contraptions to steal what they want.(Source: ANN)Miko Yotsuya's eyes water as she fixates on a single spot on her phone—she ignores yet another dreadful, horrific monster that is in her face, uttering the disturbing words: "Can you see me?" Before now, Miko enjoyed her unassuming high school days, with late-night horror shows serving only as a form of entertainment. But ever since one fateful day, she is the only person aware of the invisible monsters walking freely among humans.Courageously, Miko makes a bold decision: she will never, under any condition, acknowledge the presence of the horrid specters. However, even though she pretends they do not exist, she can still see how they disturb the people around her, especially her best friend, the energetic and lovely Hana Yurikawa. In order to protect them from the monsters' annoyances, Miko gives it her best to continue her school life and avoid every troublesome crisis—even when they scare her to tears. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Mikage and Tomomi Matsunaga are Miracle Girls: they have a telepathic link with each other and can teleport when they link their little fingers. Tomomi is a sports star and has a boyfriend called Noda. Mikage is the smartest student in the school and is in love with her sempai. He moved to London to study but they still kept in touch, that is until a selfish princess called Marie decides that he should come with her back to Diammas. Back in Japan the twins are having various problems of their own. But they soon realise that there is a link between Marie, an ancient legend, and a girl they know called Emma.(Source: ANN)Yukiteru Amano is a shy middle schooler who regularly keeps track of what he does in his daily life by writing down all of his activities on his phone—a digital diary. Despite having no friends at school, Yukiteru is frequently seen talking to his supposedly imaginary friends Deus Ex Machina, the god of time and space; and Deus' servant, Mur Mur.One day, Yukiteru wakes up and discovers that certain events of his day are preemptively displayed on his cellphone. While initially dismissing it as a coincidence, he slowly realizes that the incidents written in his phone actually take place in the near future. After spending the day benefiting from this new asset, Yukiteru learns that his classmate Yuno Gasai possesses a similar diary.As the two team up to defeat an odd pursuer and head back to their respective homes, Deus Ex Machina explains that they—alongside 10 other contestants—have been drawn into a survival game whose victor will become the deity's successor. With no other options, Yukiteru and Yuno must use their cellphones—now called "Future Diaries"—to survive this unforgiving battle royale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The staff of Eagle Jump take a long awaited vacation to a ski resort, celebrating the release of their latest iteration of the 'Fairies Story' game. Being her first company trip, Aoba Suzukaze is excited for it, but is also apprehensive as she has no prior skiing experience. Join Aoba and her colleagues as they de-stress and enjoy their time at the resort.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While the title suggests a story of simple, everyday school life, the contents are more the opposite. The setting is a strange school where you may see the principal wrestle a deer or a robot's arm hide a rollcake. However there are still normal stories, like making a card castle or taking a test you didn't study for.Short anime specials included in the One Punch Man 2nd Season BD & DVD.My Melody arrives on Earth much to the surprise of her rival Kuromi. Together with one of the junior high school students, Yumeno Uta, they decide to protect the dreams of the people with the help of magic. A year and a half after the events of the original sci-fi psychological thriller, Akane Tsunemori continues her work as an inspector—enforcing the Sibyl System's judgments. Joining her are new enforcers and junior inspector Mika Shimotsuki, a young woman blindly and inflexibly loyal to Sibyl. As Akane ponders both the nature of her job and the legitimacy of Sibyl's verdicts, a disturbing new menace emerges.A mysterious figure has discovered a way to control the Crime Coefficient—a number compiled from mental scans that allows Sibyl to gauge psychological health and identify potential criminals. Through these means, he is able to murder an enforcer, leaving behind a cryptic clue: "WC?" scrawled in blood on a wall.Akane and the rest of Division 01 soon find themselves playing a deadly game against their new foe, coming face-to-face with a conspiracy threatening not only the authority of the Sibyl System, but the very foundation of Akane's own convictions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A special summary episode of the second season of Sayonara Zetsubou Sensei, focusing on the girls that were not introduced in the first Zetsubou Shoujo Senshuu: Otonashi Meru, Fujiyoshi Harumi, Kaga Ai and Mitama Mayo.Yurie Hitotsubashi was just an average middle school student living in the city of Onomichi on Japan's inland sea in the easygoing times of the 1980s. She spent her days worrying about exams and trying to get Kenji, the clueless boy she likes, to notice her. Then during lunch one day she suddenly announces to her friend Mitsue that the night before she had become a goddess. Their classmate Matsuri quickly latches on to Yurie's newfound divinity as a way to promote her family's bankrupt Shinto shrine. She hopes that replacing their hapless local god, Yashima-sama, with Yurie will make the shrine more popular (and profitable). Now, with Matsuri as her manager, Yurie has to grant wishes, cure curses, meet aliens, and attend god conventions. All the while attending school and working-up the courage to confess to Kenji.The DVD/BD box set includes the Kamichu! Specials episodes. For a complete list of episodes and the order they're included in the box set, see the More Info tab.When one space colony declared its independence from the Earth Federation, the devastating 7th Space War, an all-out war between Earth and space, resulted. The Federation responded to the Space Revolutionary Army with mobile suits, called Gundams. However, the Space Revolutionary forces played their trump card and dropped hundreds of space colonies onto the Earth, plunging the planet into a seven-year-long nuclear winter. The Federation collapsed, but the Space Revolutionary Army was unable to invade the Earth in the aftermath of the colony drop.Fifteen years have passed. The year is now After War 0015, and a New Federation has sprung up on Earth to restore order. In space, the colonial leaders have been rebuilding their own forces as well. By chance, fifteen-year-old Garrod Ran has discovered an old Federation mobile suit, the Gundam X, and now he uses it to help out the Vulture ship Freeden in its struggle to keep the powers that be from repeating the mistakes of the past.Shiroi Koibito-tachiKyousuke Kasuga and his friends are staying at his grandparent's house over winter break on a skiing trip. Everyone is excited until they hear about a curse that spells doom for couples who go down the mountain together. With a net of relationships and crushes on the line, the group's plans are suddenly upended.Hawaiian SuspenseKyousuke and Madoka Ayukawa's trip to Hawaii takes an abrupt turn for the worse when Hikaru Hiyama gets kidnapped! Kyousuke has to find a way to rescue her without revealing his paranormal powers to Madoka.Wagahai wa Neko de Attari Osakana de AttariWhile studying for exams, Kyousuke wishes that he could switch places with his pet cat or fish so he could have an easier life. But when his grandfather arrives with a magic rope that can be used to swap bodies, Kyousuke finds out he might have gotten himself in too deep.Hurricane! Henshin Shoujo AkaneWhen Kyousuke's cousin, Akane, comes to visit, she stirs up antics with her ability to cast illusions. Things get even crazier when Akane falls for Madoka and becomes Kyousuke's rival in love.Koi no Stage=Heart on Fire!As Kyousuke helps to prepare for a local music festival, a popular idol crashes into him and they switch bodies! Now, Kyousuke must get his body back and prevent his secret from getting out before the show begins.Omoi Gakenai SituationKyousuke has a foreboding dream where Akane attempts to seduce him. Disgusted after having inappropriate thoughts about his cousin, Kyousuke is shocked when she actually asks him to pose as her boyfriend in front of her friends.Rouge no DengonMadoka's father is in Japan for a performance, and she is excited for the rare opportunity to see him. When she sees her father with a strange woman, however, her emotions are thrown into disarray.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is about Hyuma Hoshi, a promising young baseball pitcher who dreams of becoming a top star like his father Ittetsu Hoshi in the professional Japanese league. His father was once a 3rd baseman until he was injured in World War II and was forced to retire. The boy would join the ever popular Giants team, and soon he realized the difficulty of managing the high expectations. From the grueling training to battling the rival Mitsuru Hanagata on the Hanshin Tigers, he would have to take out his best pitching magic to step up to the challenge.(Source: Wikipedia)Chika Takami, a self-proclaimed normal girl, has never been involved in any clubs and lacked any notable talents. However, after a visit to Tokyo, she discovers a stage where even an ordinary girl like her could shine—the world of school idols. Inspired by the former superstar school idol group μ's, Chika is determined to start her own school idol club in her seaside hometown at Uranohoshi Girl's High School. But even before gathering any students to join the group, the aspiring school idol finds her greatest obstacle to be student council president Dia Kurosawa who stands firmly against the creation of the club.Just when it seems there is no hope, Chika meets Riko Sakurauchi, a transfer student from Otonokizaka High School, home of μ's. Somewhat shy but a talented piano player, Chika believes her to be a promising recruit, though convincing her to join is easier said than done. In spite of that, Chika chooses to charge forward and overcome the obstacles keeping her from forming a school idol group that shines as bright as the nine that came before her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the dawn of the 21st century, magic, long thought to be folklore and fairy tales, has become a systematized technology and is taught as a technical skill. In First High School, the institution for magicians, students are segregated into two groups based on their entrance exam scores: "Blooms," those who receive high scores, are assigned to the First Course, while "Weeds" are reserve students assigned to the Second Course.Mahouka Koukou no Rettousei follows the siblings, Tatsuya and Miyuki Shiba, who are enrolled in First High School. Upon taking the exam, the prodigious Miyuki is placed in the First Course, while Tatsuya is relegated to the Second Course. Though his practical test scores and status as a "Weed" show him to be magically inept, he possesses extraordinary technical knowledge, physical combat capabilities, and unique magic techniques—making Tatsuya the irregular at a magical high school.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Daigo, the son of renowned baseball player Gorou Shigeno, believes he has to live up to his father's name by becoming an all-star player himself. With great dreams, as soon as he reaches fourth-grade, he promptly joins the same little league baseball team his dad played on, the Mifune Dolphins. However, things don't go as planned. After only the first couple of practices, Daigo's lack of talent and inherent baseball sense shows, and his confidence is crushed. Unable to bear the pressure of living up to his father, a baseball prodigy, he quits the team in less than a year.Two years later, now in sixth-grade, a transfer student joins Daigo's class. This student turns out to be Hikaru, the son of Gorou's lifelong friend and fellow baseball star, Toshiya Satou. One day, Daigo's mother receives a call from the Dolphins requesting players for a game, so she forces Daigo to attend. To Daigo's surprise, he finds Hikaru there. Even more shocking is that despite his father's occupation, Hikaru has never played baseball before!Unlike Daigo, though, Hikaru immediately picks up the game demonstrating excellent performance. Needless to say, Daigo and Hikaru are polar opposites of each other. But this friction will inevitably thrust both of these inexperienced children into the world their fathers cherish—the world of baseball.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The final plans to finish Shell off in court have been made by Easter, Balot, and Oeufcoque. But in order to execute those plans, they must set foot into Shell's domain: the BlueEgg Casino in the center of Mardock City, and find the chip where his memories lie. If they can't find the chip, their case will be dismissed in court, and their "usefulness" will be gone – resulting in all of their deaths. Will Balot find the chip in time, while still dodging Boiled and his now mad search for her and Oeufcoque?(Source: the witch of theatregoing)After the defeat of Myouri Unzen at the hands of Medaka Kurokami and her Student Council, peace has returned to Hakoniwa Academy—at least, for a short while. Soon, Medaka, Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, Kouki  Akune, and Mogana Kikaijima find themselves wrapped up in another sinister scheme, known as the "Flask Plan," led by the school's principal himself.However, the council's first problem is to deal with a whole new group of superhuman students calling themselves the "Thirteen Party," led by the egotistical but powerful Oudo Miyakonojou. With the mysterious Flask Plan, Oudo's tyranny, and the resurfacing of an old enemy, the state of Hakoniwa Academy is far from tranquil, and Medaka and her companions have their hands full as things only get a lot more abnormal. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation film combining footage from various television anime episodes that center on the Akai family.(Source: ANN)Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 10th volume of the manga.The Kikaika (literally mechanization) Empire invades our solar system, and in a matter of moments they take over and convert Neptune, Uranus, Saturn, Jupiter,and Mars, and set their sights on Earth. However, one thing stands in their way. Earth's ancient protector and soldier of light, Eldoran. To fight this menace he gifts a 5th-grade class with 3 huge robotic dinosaurs, with the power to merge and form the giant robot Gosaurer, which they then can pilot and use to stop the Kikaika Empire's advances.(Source: ANN)Third season of Osomatsu-san.The 1st BD & DVD volume of Osomatsu-san will have a new episode, replacing episode 1 of the original series which was removed due to the fact that it contained multiple parodies. It has been pulled entirely from streaming sites and the Japanese Blu-Ray release. This replacement episode is sometimes numbered "episode 3.5" as listed on the home-media release, as it's chronologically placed after episode 3 (originally TV episode 4).Pokémon are peculiar creatures with a vast array of different abilities and appearances; many people, known as Pokémon trainers, capture and train them, often with the intent of battling others. Young Satoshi has not only dreamed of becoming a Pokémon trainer but also a "Pokémon Master," and on the arrival of his 10th birthday, he finally has a chance to make that dream a reality. Unfortunately for him, all three Pokémon available to beginning trainers have already been claimed and only Pikachu, a rebellious Electric-type Pokémon, remains. However, this chance encounter would mark the start of a lifelong friendship and an epic adventure!Setting off on a journey to become the very best, Satoshi and Pikachu travel across beautiful, sprawling regions with their friends Kasumi, a Water-type trainer, and Takeshi, a Rock-type trainer. But danger lurks around every corner. The infamous Team Rocket is always nearby, seeking to steal powerful Pokémon through nefarious schemes. It'll be up to Satoshi and his friends to thwart their efforts as he also strives to earn the eight Pokémon Gym Badges he'll need to challenge the Pokémon League, and eventually claim the title of Pokémon Master. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The ordinary life of high school student Ayato Kamina is turned upside down when Tokyo is suddenly invaded by futuristic fighter jets. Amidst the chaos, he encounters a woman called Haruka Shitow who claims to be from a government organization called TERRA. She reveals that he has been living in a time bubble named "Tokyo Jupiter" that was put in place by the Mulians—humanoids from another dimension—in an attempt to isolate and take over Tokyo. TERRA has been trying to break through the barrier surrounding the city ever since. Unable to process the revelation, Ayato panics and flees. He runs into his classmate Reika Mishima who leads him to a place called "The Shrine of Xephon" where a large egg slumbers. She starts to sing and an unknown power awakens within Ayato, connecting him to a being called RahXephon that breaks out of the egg. Shortly after, Haruka finds him again and tries to make him join her cause of fighting against the Mulians.Caught between the crosshairs of the Mulians and TERRA, Ayato begins to question his purpose, navigating altered memories and ultimately his very identity in this chaotic new world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tired of her rural home, recent college graduate Yoshino Koharu is desperate to lead a more exciting life in Tokyo. After a fruitless job hunt, she finally receives a part-time offer as queen of the bizarre "Kingdom of Chupakabura," a rundown mini-attraction in the small agricultural town of Manoyama. However, Yoshino discovers upon her arrival in Manoyama that she was mistaken for a celebrity and the job offer was a mistake. Left with no other options, Yoshino reluctantly agrees to take on the role and aid the Board of Tourism in their efforts to revitalize Manoyama. Determined to bring excitement to the dying town with the help of local residents, the queen enacts a series of projects to highlight the beauty and charm of Manoyama's culture.Sakura Quest delves into the story of a tight-knit community that is struggling to balance change while also maintaining the rich traditions and bonds which define their identity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's been several years and Kyosuke Kasuga is now 19. A mysterious phone call warns him of oncoming cars but he doesn't listen. Ironically, he gets hit by a car and because of his telepathic abilities, gets sent three years into the future. His 22 year old future self is now a photographer who is lost in Bosnia and believed to be dead. Kyosuke must find his 22 year old future self and restore himself, the 19 year old, to his correct time. Along the way he reunites with Hikaru who is now a professional and famous dancer. Madoka is also there, distraught over both Kyosuke, the 22 year old, going missing in Bosnia and Kyosuke, the 19 year old, getting hit by a car. (Source: ANN)Mysterious immortal humans known as "Ajin" first appeared 17 years ago in Africa. Upon their discovery, they were labeled as a threat to mankind, as they might use their powers for evil and were incapable of being destroyed. Since then, whenever an Ajin is found within society, they are to be arrested and taken into custody immediately.Studying hard to become a doctor, Kei Nagai is a high schooler who knows very little about Ajin, only having seen them appear in the news every now and then. Students are taught that these creatures are not considered to be human, but Kei doesn't pay much attention in class. As a result, his perilously little grasp on this subject proves to be completely irrelevant when he survives an accident that was supposed to claim his life, signaling his rebirth as an Ajin and the start of his days of torment. However, as he finds himself alone on the run from the entire world, Kei soon realizes that more of his species may be a lot closer than he thinks.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The discovery of a hypergate on the Moon once allowed the human race to teleport to Mars. Those who chose to settle there unearthed a technology far more advanced than that of their home planet, which they named "Aldnoah." This discovery led to the founding of the Vers Empire of Mars and a declaration of war against the "Terrans," those who stayed behind on Earth. However, a battle on the moon—later called "Heaven's Fall"—caused the hypergate to explode, destroying the moon and leading the two planets to establish an uneasy ceasefire.Their peace was a fragile one, however. Fifteen years later, high school student Inaho Kaizuka witnesses the plotted assassination of the Vers Empire's Princess Asseylum Vers Allusia, who had come to Earth in hopes of repairing the relationship between the empire and its homeland. The ceasefire is shattered, and the Martians declare war on the Terrans once again. In the face of this insurmountable enemy, Inaho and his friends must now fight against the Vers Empire to settle the war once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the aftermath of Amagami SS, high school student Junichi Tachibana continues his relationships with the girls at his school. Amagami SS+ Plus offers a glimpse into what happened after the resolution of each girl's individual story. New events begin to take place between each of the girls and Junichi. Tsukasa Ayatsuji, the class representative, runs for student council president; Rihoko Sakurai, who has taken over the Tea Club with Junichi, still wants to confess her feelings to him; Ai Nanasaki questions the future of her relationship with Junichi when he leaves for college; Kaoru Tanamachi wonders if her relationship with Junichi will ever go any further; Sae Nakata and Junichi deal with classmates who still can't believe that someone so cute is his girlfriend; and Haruka Morishima wants to take their relationship to the next level and get married.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A collection of three classic Japanese horror stories: "Yotsuya Kaidan", the story of a wife betrayed by her husband who seeks vengeance even in death. "Tenshu Monogatari", the story of forbidden love between a goddess and a human, and "Bakeneko", the story of a mysterious cat monster with a vendetta against a certain family. A summary of each season of the Sailor Moon franchise, narrated by various Sailor Moon characters.The first episode is a summary of SM, SM R and SM S, the second episode is about Haruka and Michiru on a cruise ship. They fight one of the SuperS enemies and decide to leave this villain to the classical Sailor Team. (That's an explanation why the outer Sailor Team doesn't appear in this season.) In episode 3 Chibiusa uncovers one of her classmates as a monster and fights her with the Sailor Team in a vampire castle. The spirited Boruto Uzumaki, son of Seventh Hokage Naruto, is a skilled ninja who possesses the same brashness and passion his father once had. However, the constant absence of his father, who is busy with his Hokage duties, puts a damper on Boruto's fire. Upon learning that his father will watch the aspiring ninjas who will participate in the upcoming Chunin exams, Boruto is driven to prove to him that he is worthy of his attention. In order to do so, he enlists the help of Naruto's childhood friend and rival, Sasuke Uchiha. The Chunin exams begin and progress smoothly, until suddenly, the Konohagakure is attacked by a new foe that threatens the long-standing peace of the village. Now facing real danger, Naruto and his comrades must work together to protect the future of their cherished home and defeat the evil that terrorizes their world. As this battle ensues, Boruto comes to realize the struggles his father once experienced—and what it truly means to be a ninja.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yui "Cherry" Sakura expresses himself better through the haiku he writes and posts on the internet, even though no one gives it attention. While preparing for him and his family to relocate in August, he spends the summer working part-time at a welfare facility. Meanwhile, Yuki "Smile" Hoshino is a budding influencer who wants everyone to smile. However, she feels uneasy about the braces on her protruding front teeth and conceals her own smile using a disposable mask.After an accidental encounter with Cherry, Smile finds herself becoming a part-time worker at the same facility as him. Soon, the two assist a senile man, Fujiyama, in searching an old vinyl record he owns. Unable to remember its last location, he wishes to listen to it once more before his memories fade for good. Cherry and Smile only have the record's sleeve and the word "yamazakura" as clues, and their hunt in the hazy summer heat begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Angelise Ikaruga Misurugi is the first princess of the noble Misurugi Empire. The kingdom has seen great power and prosperity due to the advancement of the revolutionary technology known as "Mana," an abstract bending of light that has reduced the world's problems of war and pollution to a timeless peace. However, not all are blessed with the ability to wield Mana. Those who cannot are labeled "Norma," outcasts of society who are considered a threat to civilization and live under constant persecution, and Angelise herself is one of many who want the Norma exterminated. But as Angelise's sixteenth birthday commences, it is discovered in a shocking revelation that she is actually a Norma. Chaos ensues, the public is outraged, and the once adored princess is exiled to Arzenal: a remote military base where Normas are forced into conscription.Now, the former royal must adapt to a harsh and vastly different lifestyle; piloting mechanical robots known as "Paramail" to fend off large, devastating beasts referred to as DRAGONs. However, a sinister truth about these savage creatures threatens to change everything.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita Nobi is so hapless that his 22nd century decendants are still impoverished as a result of his 20th century bumbling. In a bid to raise their social status, their servant, a robotic cat named Doraemon, decides to travel back in time and guide Nobita on the proper path to fortune. Unfortunately Doraemon, a dysfunctional robot that the familly acquired by accident (but chose to keep nonetheless), isn't much better off than Nobita. The robot leads Nobita on many adventures, and while Nobita's life certainly is more exciting with the robot cat from the future, it is questionable if it is in fact better in the way that Doraemon planned.(Source: AniDB)Remaster of the first season of Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan.In Fuyuki City, the Fifth Holy Grail War is about to commence a lengthy battle of blood, death, and misery. High school student Rin Toosaka has trained her entire life for this moment—to become a magus capable of being a Master in the war. Summoning her Servant known as Archer, Rin finally sets foot into the battle.Discovering that one of her acquaintances, Shirou Emiya, is drawn into the war as well, Rin offers to form an alliance for the time being. And as the two of them grow closer, Rin begins to learn more about Shirou's fate and ideals. Nevertheless, her goal remains the same: to win the all-powerful relic that can fulfill the wishes of those who are victorious after the war—the Holy Grail.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Koutarou's father is trying to train his son in the art of the ninja, but a mis-hit bomb accidently damages a shrine and releases a great demon that Eldoran had been keeping contained. Eldoran manages to contain him, but one of his servants manages to escape as well, and now attempts to free his master. To stop him, Eldoran grants the three mecha Gotiger, King Elephan, and Mach Eagle to Koutarou and his two friends, as well as suits that grant each of them a special power. Miracle Ninja Ganbare Team is born!(Source: starfox.net)Austral Island is located 2,000 km south from Samoa islands. The existence of the island was removed from the official records, and Tagami Yuu made a journey to search for the reason.He sailed for the island with Dr. Waive who was his father's friend, Doris who is the daughter of Dr. Waive, and Captain who is the friend of Dr. Waive. On their way to the island, GAIL, the international conglomerate, and gangster, Cougar Connection lead by Lady Lynx attacked them.They managed to arrive at the island, but suddenly a mysterious monster began to attack them. When they became ready for death, a blue giant robot appeared. It destroyed the monster and saved them. Although it was an existence far beyond human knowledge, it reminded Yuu of something warm and familiar.It was Giant Gorg which is called "Messenger of the God" by the inhabitants of the island. Escaping from the attack of GAIL's assault team, Gorg guided Yuu into the underworld. There, he found alien's relic and an alien who woke up after 30,000 years' sleep.(Source: AnimeNfo)In the heart of Italy, the Social Welfare Agency rescues young girls from hospital beds and gives them a second chance at life using the latest in cybernetic advancements. With their artificially enhanced bodies, the girls are brainwashed and trained as assassins to carry out the dirty work of the Italian Government. Despite all the modifications, they are still just children at heart, struggling for recognition from those they love, even knowing the love they feel is manufactured. This tragic tale unfolds as these girls grapple with their emotions in an agency that treats them as nothing but ruthless killers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the dangerous suburbs of Chicago, skilled bounty hunters Irene "Rally" Vincent and "Minnie" May Hopkins run Gunsmith Cats, a firearms store of questionable legality. One day, Bill Collins, an agent for the Chicago branch of the Bureau of Alcohol, Tobacco, Firearms, and Explosives, blackmails Rally and May into working with him on a case. The stakes are high, but Rally’s gunmanship and May’s knowledge of explosives are unmatched. As Rally and May unravel the secrets of the case, the two will need to use guns and grenades while being faster, stronger, and better than everyone else in order to stay alive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The village of Ootsuka—home to Shino Inuzuka, Sousuke Inukawa, and Hamaji—was lit on fire under the preconception that a virus had seen all of its life eradicated. Now surrounded by flames and on the verge of death, the three were approached by a strange man holding a sword. He tells them that they must reach a decision if they want to live. That night changed everything for these children.Five years later, the family of three now lives under the watchful eye of the small Imperial Church in a nearby village. All is fine and dandy until the Church attempts to reclaim the demonic sword of Murasame. To accomplish this, they kidnap Hamaji to lure Shino, now a bearer of Murasame's soul, and Sousuke, who possesses the ability to transform into a dog. The brothers must put their differences aside to rescue their beloved sister from the Church in the Imperial Capital, signalling the beginning of a very difficult journey. Kurumi is a beautiful young woman whose beloved boyfriend, Hal, died in a sudden airplane accident. Left heartbroken and gloomy, she isolates herself in a small house. But this soon comes to change when her grandfather requests the help of a humanoid robot named Q01.Taking on the appearance of Hal, Q01 is sent to Kurumi's house in order to save her from her state of despair. As Hal returns day after day and increases his efforts, Kurumi, despite her initial reluctance, slowly begins to open up to him and break free from her depression. But there is more to Hal than meets the eye, and these two will soon learn an unexpected truth about this relationship between a human and an android.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the 21st century, due to the rapid development of human society, the originally stable three realms of humans, gods, and demons lost their balance. The gods and Demons urgently launched the salvation plan and decided to send a group of gods and monsters to the human world to find the key to saving the world. Su Moting is a young woman with the status of "the son of the god and demon". After being invited out of the house by her parents for the reason of "independence and self-improvement", Su Moting met the handsome little cute gods, Tianjixing and Dikui, a mysterious calm cool cat demon. Under the guidance of the land god, the three formed a salvation group and began to perform the funny and heartbreaking nonsense of daily life.An organization in the future sends the specially trained Team Ogre to defeat Endou Mamoru and his team, to prevent him from influencing the world with his soccer.(Source: AniDB)The Iron League: a place where teams of robots, under individual "owners", play various sports and duke it out in tournaments. Mach Windy is a member of Dark Prince, a team that doesn't play fair and fights dirty to win. Unsatisfied with the actions of his teammates, he defects against the will of Dark Prince's nefarious owner and joins Silver Prince: the weakest team in the league. Alongside faithful companions such as Magnum Ace and Bull Armor, Mach Windy and Silver Prince will battle against Dark Prince in games of soccer and baseball, and aim for the top!(Source: Animeplanet)To find a way in rescuing Pokota's country Taforashia which was sealed by Rezo, Lina and her group are in search for the Hellmaster's jar in what the Red Priest placed his soul after death. Zelgadis is willing to do anything to get the jar for changing back into a human while Zuuma is plotting on revenge and accomplishing assignment in killing Lina Inverse. Still a big mystery for her and the others is what Xellos is aiming for in this battle.(Source: ANN)2150 AD. The battle against the silicon-based Festums from outer space reaches a new phase. Fragments of the North Pole Mir were scattered throughout the world. Eventually, they began to act on their own as independent Mirs. Most hated humanity and attacked them, but some chose to coexist with mankind. Some with the same way of thinking existed within the human race, as well: those who were both human and Festum. They added to the chaos of the battle and brought about even more hatred. (Source: Crunchyroll)The year is 2148. Two years after the end of the original Fafner in the Azure TV series, Tatsumiya Island and its surviving residents have returned to some semblance of recovery. However, things have become desperate for our hero, Kazuki; nearly blind now, and partially crippled from his battles with the Festum two years earlier, he clings to the promise his fallen friend Soushi made to him to return to the island and set things right again. Kazuki's hopes flare when a lifeform is detected within an unmanned submarine that comes floating into Tatsumiya Bay one night, but the person aboard isn't Soushi; it is a mysterious "boy" named Misao Kurusu who may not be entirely human, and who claims to have been sent by Sōshi. With Misao's arrival, hostilities break out anew between the Human Army and the Festum, and the Fafner pilots are thrown into the most desperate battle of their lives - this time, with the fate of TWO races riding on their shoulders. (Source: Wikipedia)Episodes 10-12 of the Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - The Beyond  series.The king of Natra has fallen ill, leaving the only hope for his kingdom to his son, Prince Wein Salema Arbalest. Known to be capable and wise, he is the perfect candidate to become the prince regent. However, if the prince has anything to say about the matter, he would rather sell off the Kingdom of Natra to the highest bidder!Since he wields the authority of the throne, no one can stop Wein from auctioning off the country and using the profits to retire in comfort. All he needs to do is raise the value of the small kingdom to maximize his gains. But whether Wein's grand plan will succeed remains to be seen, as his wit often surpasses even his own expectations—much to the benefit of the oblivious citizens of Natra.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tiger Mask (whose real name was Naoto Date) was a feared heel wrestler in America who was extremely vicious in the ring. However, he became a face after returning to Japan when a young boy said that he wanted to be a villain like Tiger Mask when he grew up. The boy resided in an orphanage, the same one that Tiger Mask grew up in during his childhood. Feeling that he did not want the boy to idolize a villain, Tiger was inspired to be a heroic wrestler.The main antagonist in the manga and anime was Tigers' Den, a mysterious organization that trained young people to be villainous heel wrestlers on the condition that they gave half of their earnings to the organization. Tiger Mask was once a member of Tigers' Den under the name "Yellow Devil", but no longer wanted anything to do with them, instead donating his money to the orphanage. This infuriated the leader of the organization and he sent numerous assassins, including other professional wrestlers, to punish him.(Source: Wikipedia) OVA of Tonari no Seki-kun bundled with the fifth manga volume.Though Hibiki and crew defeated a super-huge battleship of the earth in the last of the first stage, they noticed five battleships further aiming at Mejeiru and Tarahk. And, crew of NIRVANA learnt Tarahk and Mejeiru which were their home had been faced to the crisis of Karitori (reaping). Travel to their home is speed up so that they may inform of the crisis. On the way, current information of the earth having been brought by girl Misty who had come to travel with them was worse than they can imagine. Hibiki and crew noticed a true fight was in the future. VANDREAD is finally changed into final system by the attack of the enemy who becomes violent more and more. Can they save their home? And, what happens to the relations between Hibiki and Dita?(Source: AnimeNfo)On the final day of summer vacation, Kokona Aoba is ready to spend some long-awaited time with her mother, but these plans are unfortunately canceled due to work. Opting to go outside instead, she takes a stroll down a familiar path—one where fond memories appear at every corner.Later, in the middle of autumn, Hinata Kuraue and Aoi Yukimura are looking through a scrapbook of their childhood. Snooping around in Aoi's room, Hinata finds that she has kept a strange acorn as a keepsake, but doesn't remember the reason why. As its discovery dwells on her, a wave of old memories comes forth, causing her to reminisce about a forgotten event from her childhood. From time spent with loved ones to promises from the past, Yama no Susume: Omoide Present follows the three girls as they cherish old memories while crafting entirely new ones to remember.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the seaside village of Hinashi Town, Kai Ashimoto's grandfather is one of the locals who reinforces the legend that mermaids lurk near Merfolk Island and consume humans. Due to allegedly attracting merfolk and subsequently causing the death of the elder's mother, music is seldom discussed in the Ashimoto household. Even so, Kai finds solace in making looped beats on his laptop and uploading them to the internet.Despite his reserved and glum demeanor, Kai is approached by Kunio and Yuuho Ebina, two cheerful classmates that happened upon one of his videos. The pair ask him to join their rock band but are met with apathy. Nevertheless, Kai agrees to accompany them in a practice session on Merfolk Island, where he soon witnesses something that he cannot explain.Later that night, Kai is composing music in his room when he attracts a familiar entity—a mermaid. As she twirls and grins to the sound of his stereo, Kai discovers a number of aspects about the being who introduces herself as Lu: she possesses incredible water manipulation powers; she buds a pair of functioning legs with the sound of music; but most notably, she is a truly benevolent creature who simply wants people to like her. Fostering a dynamic friendship, Kai and Lu gradually come to express their genuine selves, testing the long-standing boundaries that have deafened the resounding harmony among the people of Hinashi Town.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special included in the 25th anniversary Blu-ray box set.The special will cover the "Two Shot" bonus chapter from the manga's seventh volume, which tells the story of how Kurama and Hiei met, as well as the manga's penultimate chapter "All or Nothing." which shows the main characters reuniting to solve a hostage crisis in the spirit world.(Source: ANN)In her everyday life, Yuuna Yuuki is a hero. As proof, she is in her middle school's Hero Club, where she does her best to help others and bring a smile to everyone's face.But Yuuna, always up to any task, is about to become an even bigger hero. Mysterious destructive forces called Vertexes begin threatening the world she loves, and the Hero Club is called upon by a strange phone app to save it. Along with her best friend Mimori Tougou, as well as sisters Fuu and Itsuki Inubouzaki, they must transform into magical girls in order to battle the Vertexes.In between studying and putting on shows for kids, Yuuna and the Hero Club must fight for the very existence of their world and face the harsh truths behind their own powers, all the while discovering what it truly means to be a hero.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of the events in Shingeki no Kyojin that happened prior to episode 14.The Great Kanto Desert, a sweltering wasteland of nothing but ruins and sand, is all that remains of post-apocalyptic Japan. The once fair population has been left to cling to the inhospitable dunes for survival. At least, that is the case for normal people. For those who have spent a little too long in the Kanto sun, the desert offers a wondrous opportunity to make a name for themselves.One such person is the masked handyman "Sunabouzu," or Desert Punk, who has forged a legendary reputation for always finishing his jobs, no matter the nature or cost. Cunning and ruthless, he has become a force of crude destruction to the other desert people. However, the "Vixen of the Desert," Junko Asagiri, discovers that Sunabouzu is not without his weaknesses—he is easily swayed by his insatiable lust for large-breasted desert babes. Following their chaotic adventures through the Kanto Desert, Sunabouzu features a bizarre cast of personalities who entertain themselves with senseless violence and perversion in a world long destroyed by their forefathers. And just like them, they have not learned a damn thing.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Summary of the first season of the show, as seen from Rikka's perspective with new elements.In the hidden magical land of Gensokyo, shrine maiden Reimu Hakurei constantly makes sure that supernatural incidents involving mythical creatures known as youkai remain as infrequent as possible. As part of her shrine's traditions, she hosts an annual summer banquet that invites a variety of guests, ranging from humans to even the strongest of youkai.On the morning of the banquet, however, the shrine's donation box suddenly goes missing. Furthermore, there appears to be no trace of any theft whatsoever. As Reimu, her friend Marisa Kirisame, and news reporter Aya Shameimaru investigate the situation, they realize that others also have missing possessions. With each step closer to piecing the puzzle together, the group soon understands that this phenomenon is more than just simple thievery—an incident on par with Remilia Scarlet's mist or Yuyuko Saigyouji's youkai cherry blossom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2167, a wave of radiation released by the supernova of the nearby star Hydrus Beta caused cataclysmic damage on Earth, leaving millions dead. Now, it is the year 2356. United to rebuild Earth, humanity prepares for the supernova's second wave of destruction. In order to protect the planet from future harm, massive space colonies called "Foundations" have been built throughout the Solar System. Acting as centers for both knowledge and exploration, it is at one of these Foundations—the Stellvia—that Shima Katase applies to be a preparatory student against her mother's wishes, aspiring to see space directly with her own eyes.At the Stellvia, Katase trains to become a pilot and hopes to be selected for the "Great Mission" to shield Earth from the second wave. While she struggles with both her pilot classes and her tumultuous social life, she slowly grows into someone who might just be able to protect humanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Baba Lamunade is followed home by two strange peddler girls who give him a CD-rom game. After he beats "The Legend of Lamuness", the girls come out of his computer and bring him to DokiDoki Space. He is the third descendant of the hero Lamuness who must stop Don Genosai from resurrecting the great evil Abraham. Accompanied by PQ, his advisor robot, and Parfait and Cacao, he must pilot the Kaizer Fire mecha. However, he needs another pilot, and Da Cider is chosen as the second pilot. (Source: ANN)In the 20th century, the world is experiencing a musical theater boom. Top performers known as Dai Stars enthrall the audience with their marvelous acting and singing. Among them, the greatest performers are given the title World Dai Star.Young and inexperienced Kokona Ootori dreams of being recognized as a World Dai Star. After multiple failures, she finally gets another chance to audition for the world-renowned theater troupe Sirius. Inspired by her best friend Shizuka, Kokona takes the first steps toward her goal and works hard to improve her acting. However, the world of theater is fiercely competitive, as many other girls seek the spotlight—including Kathrina Griebel, a talented performer from Germany. In order to fulfill her dream, Kokona needs to earn the right to stand on stage above all else.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The protagonist Qin Chen, who was originally the top genius in the military domain, was conspired by the people to fall into the death canyon in the forbidden land of the mainland. Qin Chen, who was inevitably dead, unexpectedly triggered the power of the mysterious ancient sword.Three hundred years later, in a remote part of the Tianwu mainland, a boy of the same name accidentally inherited Qin Chen’s will. As the beloved grandson of King Dingwu of the Daqi National Army, due to the birth father’s birth, the mother and son were treated coldly in Dingwu’s palace and lived together. In order to rewrite the myth of the strong man in hope of the sun, and to protect everything he loves, Qin Chen resolutely took up the responsibility of maintaining the five kingdoms of the world and set foot on the road of martial arts again.Wang Ling has been living a quiet life ever since resolving a particular incident, but thanks to his previous tampering with the laws of nature, the level of psionic powers in the world has dropped drastically. To stop the levels from plummeting further, his spirit sword Jingke comes to the rescue. But due to the excessive use of power, Jingke ends up ripping a crack in space. This crack allows demons to infiltrate the world and steal spiritual energy essential to powering human society. Now the only person who has the power to thwart their plans is none other than Wang Ling.In an attempt to balance his high school life with his supernatural one, Wang Ling must confront challenges ranging from teacher home visits, crafting spiritual swords, grappling with his growing feelings for Sun Rong, and battling invading demons![Written by MAL Rewrite]Chou Soran must participate in the Raten Taishou to uncover his grandfather's secrets and the key to Fou Houhou's past. Though Houhou trains Soran, will that be enough to defeat powerful enemies who all seem out to get him while they struggle for power and victory in the tournament?[Written by fullmeltdownalch]Kazuhiro Uchida is transferred to a rescue centre located in a small town while training to become a fighter pilot. Initially, Kazuhiro thinks negatively about his new occupation, due to the difficult missions and the harsh discipline he receives from his seniors. However, over the course of his training, he begins to accept the job for what it is and becomes a true member of the rescue force.(Source: ANN)An OVA based on the Hoshi no Umi arc of the manga spanning chapters 26-34. This arc focuses on Rin Azuma, a Jiang-Shi yokai resident of Sakurashin adjusting to her new life in the city and working for a ramen shop. One day her former friend Zakuro Kurumaki invades Sakurashin to capture Rin and convince her to join her in destroying the city with the other yokai hunters as well as Enjin Hiizumi, the main antagonist of the series. Akina Hiizumi and the other members of the Hiizumi Life Counseling Office take action to save Rin, 'tune' the yokai controlling Zakuro and protect the city.(Source: ANN)Kohachi Inugami, a detective who specializes in the occult, arrives at a remote village in the Japanese countryside, tasked by a hostess at a local inn to investigate a string of incidents involving rotting and mutilated livestock corpses that have been appearing for seemingly no reason. While surveying, Inugami notices a peculiar young boy working in the fields. Evaded by his peers and called "Dorotabou" for his stench, the young farmhand is surprised that anybody would take an interest in him.Inugami, piqued with curiosity, enlists Dorotabou in helping him with the investigation, despite scorned looks from the villagers. Unbeknownst to Dorotabou, this investigation will reveal a strange new world to him—one of the beast-like entities known as Kemono existing in tandem with humans—along with breathing new purpose into his previously empty life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ten years after facing defeat in the Fourth Holy Grail War, Waver Velvet, now Lord El-Melloi II, teaches classes at the Clock Tower—the center of education for mages. However, his new status as Lord comes with a caveat: obey the orders of Reines, the younger sister of the deceased Kayneth El-Melloi, until she is old enough to rule the House of El-Melloi.Waver, along with his mysterious apprentice Gray, takes on a series of cases assigned by Reines and the Mages Association. With each case proving to be more complex than the last, could there be more to the Clock Tower than meets the eye, and what secrets does Reines hide?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Cursed by a witch, the feral and tempestuous Guideau tenaciously searches for the culprit so she can exact revenge. To this end, she joins the Order of Magical Resonance, an organization that deals with everything connected to magic. The Order agrees to work with Guideau in return for her help solving the myriad of magic-related cases occurring across the world.The Order's suave and mysterious mage Ashaf accompanies Guideau for the sake of successfully completing missions. As the pair traverses the land in search of that unknown witch, their experience with the fantastical world of magic grows ever more peculiar the further they advance in their journey.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A summary episode of Mob Psycho 100 which features commentary from Reigen Arataka.Long ago lived the "nobles," an ancient race of immortal supernatural beings. They were revered as rulers and gods. Among the nobles was the "Noblesse," a powerful individual shrouded in mystery named Cadis Etrama di Raizel, or "Rai." Upon awakening in South Korea after an 820-year-long sleep, Rai sets to find his loyal and devoted servant, Frankenstein, whom he discovers to be the current director of Ye Ran High School. In his wish to learn more about modern civilization, Rai enrolls as a student to better experience life in the modern world.Noblesse: Awakening details the beginning of Rai's new life as a high school student as he spends time with friends and fights threats both human and supernatural in order to prevent their schemes from harming Korea.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Harukaze Doremi considers herself to be the unluckiest girl in the world. Her parents are always fighting, her little sister makes fun of her, and her crush pines after another girl. If only Doremi could just wave a magic wand, she would have a much better life—or so she used to think.After a mishap with a real witch, Doremi becomes an apprentice witch herself, and it turns out she's pretty horrible at that, too.Now she and her two friends must study to become better at magic so they can become good witches. That is, if they can focus on their magic studies!The three apprentices will need all the luck they can get if they want to pass the witch exams and become full-fledged witches. Only then will Doremi's debt to the witch Majorika be repaid. Until then, Doremi will remain a useless little witch girl! Born to the royal family, Pacifica Casull has earned the nickname "Scrapped Princess" after an apocalyptic prophecy foretells her destroying the world on her 16th birthday. Rescued from certain death by a kindly family, she takes shelter with her adoptive older brother and sister, Shannon and Raquel Casull. When news of her survival reaches the ears of the God Mauser's worshippers, they issue her death at all costs, forcing Pacifica to flee for her life.Plagued by threats from the church, the nobility and even the common people, the three siblings attempt to outrun the fate Pacifica is destined to bring, all the while questioning if one girl's life is worth the world's demise. The true nature of the Scrapped Princess, along with the harrowing revelations of the world itself, becomes more and more apparent as the princess' 16th birthday fast approaches.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Finding her life in the Lost City of Atlantis too boring, friendly but impulsive shark girl Gura Gawr swims to shore in search of fun. However, she soon finds out that she cannot enjoy life on the surface peacefully without clothes. Luckily, the nearby Blue Axolotl Beachwear shop presents Gura with a shark-themed outfit that speaks to her inner child.Thanks to a flier posted for a Hololive Production audition, Gura has since become the internet's most beloved VTuber. But that has never stopped her origin story from being any less lovable than her YouTube antics.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two video releases recapping events from the Gundam Wing TV series. Each Operation Meteor video contains an 'Odd' episode and an 'Even' episode. The 'Odd' episodes feature Heero, Trowa and Wufei, while the 'Even' episodes feature Duo and Quatre. The episodes also featured brief new footages of the characters after the final episode of the TV series. (Source: AniDB) An aloof junior high school boy meets a cheerful high school girl inside a Lotte shop where they both reach for the same chocolate bar. Before he can react, she takes a different candy instead and leaves with her purchase. Continuing to dwell on the missed connection, the boy hopes that he can meet the girl again and gift her the sweet she originally wanted—with the addition of his feelings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lolo is a penguin who loves to explore. With his friend Pepe, he has wonderful adventures. They discover together the wonders of their world from a puppy called Don and his owner a scientist who is studying the Antarctic environment. They also discover that not everything in their world is friendly when they get stranded far from home. Yet with luck and the brave Lolo in the lead, anything can happen.(Source: ANN) A modern horror style fantasy depicting a laughable adventure in Gunma Hender Land, the largest theme park in the north areas around Tokyo. Nohara family fight with Toppema Muppet (a talking doll from Magic World) against two gay 'witch' men Makao and Joma, who came from Another World and try to invade the Real World.(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)One day, Nobita finds a stray dog drowning in a river while playing by the river side. Feeling sorry for the dog, he decides to take it home by hiding it in a "kennel on the wall" and names it Ichi (originated from "One", which sounds similar to "wan", the sound a dog makes according to the Japanese language), and secretly feeds it and plays with Ichi with his Kendama to find. Soon after, he also adopts a stray cat named Zubu (or wet in Japanese, due to the discovery of it in a rainstorm)... and many other stray cats and dogs. With so many stray cats and dogs, Nobita, along with his friends, decide to send them back in time, 300 million years ago, where there was no other living beings around. After using the Ray of Evolution to allow them to operate a food-making machine, they depart, with a promise to return to the present.However, when they try to visit them the next day (from their point of view), they encountered a time-space anomaly, sending them crash landing 1,000 years before their original time-destination— to their surprise, They found out the dogs and cats have evolved enough to form a civilized society that rivaled those of Future Society. As the time machine is broken, they try to find help to repair it so they can continue their chrono-journey, only to learn of a bigger issue — a cluster of asteroids are going to Collide with Earth.Will Nobita finally reunite with Ichi, as he promised? More over, what's with Hachi, a dog who resembles Ichi greatly? The 300 million years of time and space adventure begins.(Source: Wikipedia)Koni (whose character is based on the famous Sumo-wrestler) and his gang have lots of crazy and incoherent adventures in their town. From fighting with their "Lovely-Teacher" and dealing with Samurai fish, to confirming if "The Armored-Guy's" wife has an affair and saving the world, Koni, High, Moro, Nari and Afro, the Afro-dog, do the craziest and funniest things to have fun.(Source: ANN)In the mountains of north Fiore lies the Fire Village, where a lush-blue relic known as the Phoenix Stone is preserved. Entrusted to a mystifying woman named Éclair, it is said to contain the power of an ancient phoenix. She wanders the land alone and protects the stone from harm, despite having no memory of why it was left in her care and only the faintest recollection of where she must take it. After encountering the wizard guild Fairy Tail, Éclair receives an offer from Natsu Dragneel and his friends to help her uncover the mysteries surrounding the stone. However, in the midst of the group's journey, Éclair is suddenly attacked and the stone is taken from her. With this, nefarious intentions to revive the blazing phoenix for its unparalleled power come to light, and the wizards of Fairy Tail find themselves in a situation that could spell calamity. They must now work together to prevent the revival of the phoenix and save the world from ruin. [Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Sousuke, Kurz, and Melissa are deployed to the Republic of Manistan in Central Asia to eradicate a growing civil war between rebels and the Manistani military.(Source: Wikipedia)It is now time for the 11th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix. With all the expectations and pressures placed upon him, Hayato Kazami struggles to regain the championship form that he had a year ago. Moreover, Osamu Sugo, aka Knight Schumacher, has reentered the competition, and declared Hayato to be an enemy. Hayato, with the new Super Asurada AKF-11, must now defeat someone he once deeply trusted in order to secure his second championship.(Source: ANN)After his disappointing loss in the last round of the 14th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix, which causes him the championship, Hayato Kazami decides that he needs a change and switches over to the Sugo Garland SF-03 for the 15th Cyber Formula World Grand Prix while he waits for the newest Asurada design. However, his hope to make up for the past year's letdown is made difficult when Aoi ZIP Formula undergoes a major restructuring and brings in Kyoshiro Nagumo as the new president of the team. The new car that he brought to the team, driven by newcomer Phil Fritz, is seemingly unbeatable...(Source: ANN)It is a normal day; everyone from deranged military girl Tanya Degurechaff and 16-year-old isekai protagonist Satou Kazuma to expansionist overlord Ainz Ooal Gown and demon sisters Rem and Ram go on with their daily lives. Suddenly, a conspicuous red button begging to be pressed appears before them. Overcome by curiosity, the otherworldly characters push the button, sending them to an unfamiliar world.With no way of escaping, the characters must lead a normal school life and make acquaintances with the others. One thing is certain: the classroom full of fan-favorite eccentric personalities never gets boring![Written by MAL Rewrite]OVA episode bundled with fifth volume of manga.Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuzuhiko and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life.(Source: AniDB)UA Academy's Class 1-A has been the focus of a substantial amount of public attention due to the multiple villain attacks they have faced over the past school year. This attention has left Class 1-A's rivals, Class 1-B, feeling quite bitter. Desiring to prove their skills, they look forward to the opportunity that has been given to them: a set of mock battles between the students of each class.The classes are split into squads of four, each of which is tasked with capturing the other group members. The winner is the group who first secures all of the opposing team. While this sounds simple, a curveball is thrown into the mix with the inclusion of General Course Student Hitoshi Shinsou, who wishes to transfer into the Hero Course. Despite using his training with Class 1-A's homeroom teacher Shouta "Eraserhead" Aizawa to prove that he's capable of being a real hero, he is still far behind the others due to his lack of experience. However, Shinsou is determined to overcome this challenge.Thus begins the fiery competition between Class 1-A and 1-B as each tries to prove that they are superior to the other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaoruko "Chaos" Moeta is a young manga artist who is down on her luck. She wants to draw manga about high school girls, but her storyboards are bland, her art uninspired, and her premises weak. Her concerned, exasperated editor comes up with an idea: push Chaos to be more social. So, by her recommendation, Chaos moves into a dormitory for female manga artists. She soon meets the other residents: Tsubasa Katsuki, a shounen manga artist; Ruki Irokawa, who draws erotic manga popular with women; and Koyume Koizuka, a shoujo artist who, like Chaos, has yet to be serialized. Quickly striking up a friendship with these girls, Chaos finds new inspiration for her manga and continues to grow her creativity.Comic Girls is a showcase of the daily lives of these manga artists. Will Chaos finally be able to make her debut and become serialized? None of the girls know, but they will all do their best to help each other become the best artists they can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Joe Shimamura and his companions may seem like regular men, but they are anything but. Joe is actually Cyborg 009, member of a team of cyborgs who fight for the greater good. Each cyborg is outfitted with a special power, from the ability to melt any material, to underwater breathing and flight. He and the other eight cyborgs were modified against their will by the Neo-Black Ghosts organization in order to further their own interests. But instead, they decided to band together and use their powers to fight against their former captors, and all forces of evil.Takato Saijou has held the title of "Sexiest Man of the Year" for five years running. He is an accomplished actor, with 20 years of experience under his belt, and is aware his good looks are well above average. Proud of his career, Takato regards the title as an appropriate indicator of his success.But when his reign is ended by acting newbie Junta Azumaya, who debuted only three years ago, Takato's initial shock gives way to jealous hostility. Even in the new drama that he has been cast in, Junta seems to have suddenly surpassed him; snatching Takato's usual spot of lead actor, Junta continually manages to get on his nerves. Most infuriating of all are the bright smile and kind words that accompany everything Junta does.All this animosity comes to a head, however, when Junta catches Takato in a rather vulnerable drunken state. Endangering his own public image, Takato confronts the junior actor with harsh words and angry comments—an opportunity Junta takes every advantage of. With the famous actor Takato Saijou now on video picking a fight with a co-star, Junta has the perfect means to blackmail him.Asking the price of his enemy's silence, Takato is shocked to find that his motivation lies far from advancing his career; instead, Junta's terms are those that can only be realized in the bedroom![Written by MAL Rewrite]2041, Earth. After being pulled into the planet's atmosphere, the fall of the Freeport Space Station has led to the "Great Cataclysm"—an event that devastated the Earth's environment. Left as a polluted wasteland, survivors go to war with their fellows to guarantee themselves resources; in the end, these scrimmages have erased the whole existence of humanity. Coincidentally, life still exists on a moon base. Although it is supposedly meant as an immigration outpost for the mission to explore Mars, it is soon turned into a city, both regulating and allowing its citizens to flourish. The lunar base, officially named "The City of Eden," holds the hope of fully colonizing the moon.Takeru, one of many citizens of Eden in the year 2267, participates in "Tube Races" between gangs and groups using hovercraft-like vehicles. Due to causing an accident in one of his races, Takeru is sentenced to complete volunteer work outside the city. While clearing his punishment, Takeru stumbles upon remains that may unravel the truth about Earth and Eden's genesis.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Manabi Straight! follows the lives of a group of young high school girls living in the year 2035 while they attend the all-girl Seioh Private High School. Since the birth rate has dropped dramatically, schools are being closed down due to the sheer lack of students available to teach. Morale in schools has dropped dramatically, and Seioh is no exception.The story begins when the main character, Manami Amamiya, transfers to Seioh. After some initial hijinks involving a futuristic scooter and a swim meet, followed by an inspirational school song performance, she is inducted as the student council president. The story that follows pertains to Manami working with Mika Inamori, the only other student council member, and three other classmates named Mutsuki Uehara, Mei Etoh, and Momoha Odori, in student council matters.  After some remodeling of the student council room, Manami and her friends set forth to plan for the upcoming student festival.(Source: Wikipedia, edited)Although the city of Fukuoka might look relatively peaceful at first glance, in actuality it houses a thriving mixture of dangerous individuals such as killers, detectives, and professional revenge seekers right beneath its surface. Among their number is Zenji Banba, a laidback and observant detective who is investigating the work of other hitmen companies in the area. However, Banba might not be the only one with a bone to pick with these organizations, as Xianming Lin, a crossdressing male hitman in the employ of one such company begins getting fed up with his lack of jobs and pay.One day, after Lin's current target commits suicide before the hitman could reach him, his company refuses to pay him even half the amount they were originally supposed to for the assassination. Frustrated, Lin requests another mission and is offered the job of taking out Banba, whom his organization believes has been interfering with their business. However, when Banba arrives at his home and finds the hitman inside, Lin surprisingly doesn't even attempt to kill him. Instead, he offers the detective another option: to join him and form a team. With the offer on the table, exactly how will Banba respond, and just what plans does Lin have in store for the underground world of Fukuoka?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ippan Saibou is envious of the public praise immune system cells like white blood cells receive for protecting the human body from deadly pathogens. Instead of watching safely from his home, he also wants to be useful and get recognized for his efforts. He soon comes across a group of infantile-looking bacteria getting washed away by a river current. Despite knowing the potential dangers that they hold, he rescues the bacteria and brings them to safety. However, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 picks up the presence of these bacteria and is on the hunt for them.Meanwhile, somewhere else in the human body is NK Saibou, who is on the lookout for someone. Based on her intel, he is an antigen that the immune system cells have previously encountered, and he may have returned for revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]2017 April Fools' Day event where the Kuroko's Basketball bird mascots fill in for the characters in a trailer for the Last Game movie.(Source: ANN)The 5th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.The story focuses on Yui, a girl who lives in the town of Paparajuku, and who dreams of being an idol, even if she realizes that being an idol is next to impossible for her. Her friends often remark on how much she dreams about it. But then, the PriPara idol theme park opens in her town, and that an idol named Laala is coming to town from Parajuku, which only makes Yui dream even bigger. The new PriPara theme park has been updated with new concepts. However, due to a system error, Laala is no longer able to PriPara Change.(Source: ANN)A unique biographical sketch of the life of the great modern Japanese poet Kenji Miyazawa, Spring and Chaos is a highly stylized and intense film that draws on Miyazawa's writing techniques to tell his life story. Miyazawa often used animals as the main characters in his stories and poems, and it is this technique that allows director Shoji Kawamori to recreate Miyazawa's fanciful land of Ihatov and use it as the backdrop for Miyazawa's life. Beautiful and affecting, Spring and Chaos is a fitting tribute to one of Japan's greatest writers.(Source: Rotten Tomatoes)Ririchiyo Shirakiin is the sheltered daughter of a renowned family. With her petite build and wealthy status, Ririchiyo has been a protected and dependent girl her entire life, but now she has decided to change all that. However, there is just one problem—the young girl has a sharp tongue she can't control, and terrible communication skills.With some help from a childhood friend, Ririchiyo takes up residence in Maison de Ayakashi, a secluded high-security apartment complex that, as the unsociable 15-year-old soon discovers, is home to a host of bizarre individuals. Furthermore, their quirky personalities are not the strangest things about them: each inhabitant of the Maison de Ayakashi, including Ririchiyo, is actually half-human, half-youkai.But Ririchiyo's troubles have only just begun. As a requirement of staying in her new home, she must be accompanied by a Secret Service agent. Ririchiyo's new partner, Soushi Miketsukami, is handsome, quiet... but ridiculously clingy and creepily submissive. With Soushi, her new supernatural neighbors, and the beginning of high school, Ririchiyo definitely seems to have a difficult path ahead of her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a small church atop a hill, Pastor Lawrence looks after Saint Cecilia. Her presence is a beacon of hope for the villagers, as her mysterious powers protect them from the weakness of their minds and outside evils. While she appears dignified in front of the villagers, Cecilia allows her lazy side to show when alone with the pastor. Although Cecilia is the guardian of the people, Lawrence is determined to shield her from harm.Unbeknownst to Lawrence, Cecilia harbors a huge crush on him. She accompanies him on his shopping trips and provides him with divine protection every day. Despite Lawrence remaining oblivious to her true feelings, Cecilia continues to shower him with obvious displays of affection as the bond between them grows.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After his father's sudden death, Ceddie moves to England as an heir to his grandfather, the Earl of Dorincourt. The Earl is a stubborn and selfish old man. Gradually, however, Ceddie's innocent love opens the Earl's heart and changes him into a caring and generous person. This is based on "Little Lord Fauntleroy" by F.H.Burnett. (Source: AnimeNfo)Yumi Ikoma and Ryou Masaoka are children who have been selected to take part in a top secret mission, to be the pilots of the first Fafner combat units; the last chance of survival for the human race. The enemy is ruthless, remorseless and is able to read the minds of humans. Therefore, the details of this mission are kept a secret even from the personnel involved. The young pilots must use all their courage and faith in order to survive and complete their mission or the fate of mankind would be compromised. (Source: ANN)Frieren loves collecting peculiar spells, and her ever-growing arsenal of magic contains the perfect spells for many occasions. Whether it be by stealthily removing alcohol from Heiter's drinks or by remedying her own sleep issues, Frieren is sure to brighten her companions' days with her magic.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first of two Tiger and Bunny movies, based on the first two episodes of the TV series with additional new scenes.In a remote desert on the Planet Zi, a boy named Van discovers an abandoned, dilapidated facility. Inside, he finds an opaque cocoon that breaks on its own, and a dinosaur-like robot known as an "Organoid" emerges from the shell. Van names the creature Zeke and claims it for himself, but a group of bandits come after him to seize the Organoid. The bandits are equipped with "Zoids," beast-like mechanical units that are used for combat. Van is able to fend off his pursuers by reviving and fusing with an old Zoid dubbed the "Shield Liger."Van returns to the facility with Zeke in tow and finds a new cocoon. He is ecstatic that he may have obtained another Organoid, but when the cocoon breaks, a girl emerges from it instead. Unaware of her origins, the girl only remembers that her name is Fiona and that she has to locate an object called the "Zoid Eve." Determined to solve the mystery behind her existence, Fiona ventures out alongside Van and Zeke to uncover what the Zoid Eve truly is. The trio runs across many friends and foes in their adventure, encountering various dangers and experiencing slices of light-heartedness as they travel.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world of the humans and the world of the demons (youkai) have overlapped one another, leaving humans to walk the streets of life as they normally would, while demons walk, hidden from the naked eye, down the very same streets. A seemingly young woman named Yurine and her servant, the Karas (from the Japanese word for "Crow"), have long maintained order and balance between the overlapped worlds, ultimately keeping the demons from interrupting the lives of humans. However, humans have come to forget and jest at the existence of demons, and no longer understand the privilege it is to live without fear. Disgusted by this arrogance, an old Karas turns his back on the laws he had once upheld, and in his human form, named Eko, he creates an army of Mikura, or mechanized demons, to ready an attack on the human race.A young man named Otoha inherits the powers of the Karas and takes his place at the side of Yurine, who claims that his soul called out for her while he lived the life of a human. They live in the world of the demons. It is now up to Otoha to prove himself as a Karas, and restore the balance that Eko threatens to upset.Meanwhile, a superstitious police officer named Sagisaka and his rational new recruit, Kure, follow the trail of the murders dealt by Eko's Mikura, as well as the trail of a rogue Mikura named Nue. The prophecy unfolds from here into a grave revelation for all in the city.(Source: Wikipedia)Based on the Emily of New Moon novel by Lucy Maud Montgomery. Emily is an orphan who gets sent to live with her relatives on Prince Edward Island, after her father dies. In New Moon she lives with her Aunt Elizabeth, Aunt Laura, and Cousin Jimmy, and learns to adapt with the help of her imagination and new friends. (Source: ANN)10-year-old Flone is a very active, tomboyish sort of a girl. One day, her father receives a letter from his English friend who is now in Australia. In the letter, the friend asks her father to come down to Australia because of a serious shortage of doctors. The family decides to leave their old house in Bern. Now their drifting voyage has begun! Flone's fantastic adventures will teach children about the importance of family and the joys of living amidst nature's beauty.For a rare occasion, the members of Libra have come out of the shadows to dine with an important guest: a royal next in line for the crown of his country. To show their visitor the finest that Hellsalem's Lot has to offer, the group decides to dine at Molzzogazza, the cream of the crop as far as restaurants go in the city.As the success of this dinner may prove to be beneficial to Libra, Steven A. Starphase mounts the pressure on the team to be on its best behavior and avoid screw-ups. However, Steven has made one oversight. Molzzogazza, famous for its cuisine's indescribable and transcendent flavors, serves food so good that most people lose their minds eating it. Though the ragtag team may do their best to be cordial, the food is sure to unwind their composure, threatening the success of the dinner and leaving them unaware of an oncoming threat to the restaurant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In year 74 of the Cosmic Era, the civil war raging between the earthbound Naturals and space-dwelling Coordinators comes to a close. Suffering a major setback, Kira Yamato pilots the Strike Freedom Gundam and leads the Archangel and its crew in a desperate bid to destroy the Requiem, a super-weapon intended to wipe out most human life in the universe. Alongside Kira fights his best friend and rival Athrun Zala, an ace pilot who must defend himself against the wrath of his former subordinate Shinn Asuka, pilot of the powerful Destiny Gundam. Shinn believes Athrun to be a traitor, an obstacle in the course of the universe's peaceful future.As life-or-death mobile suit brawls are waged for the fate of the galaxy, a sprawling war between humans who are incapable of understanding one another draws to its conclusion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a covert mission goes wrong, Mobile Suit pilot Amuro Ray and his comrades are stranded on a remote island. The battalion was sent to a land called the Island of No Return to clear off any enemy forces, only to find a group of children and an enemy mecha attack. Now Amuro must find a way for them all to escape this mysterious land, but not before meeting a strange man—Cucuruz Doan.(Source: Crunchyroll)Katsuhira Agata is a quiet and reserved teenage boy whose sense of pain has all but vanished. His friend, Chidori Takashiro, can only faintly remember the days before Katsuhira had undergone this profound change. Now, his muffled and complacent demeanor make Katsuhira a constant target for bullies, who exploit him for egregious sums of money. But their fists only just manage to make him blink, as even emotions are far from his grasp.However, one day Katsuhira, Chidori, and four other teenagers are abducted and forced to join the Kizuna System as official "Kiznaivers." Those taking part are connected through pain: if one member is injured, the others will feel an equal amount of agony. These individuals must become the lab rats and scapegoats of an incomplete system designed with world peace in mind. With their fates literally intertwined, the Kiznaivers must expose their true selves to each other, or risk failing much more than just the Kizuna System.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two OVAs released with the 8th and 10th volumes of the original novel. They fall chronologically between the first and second seasons.Zenigata arrives at the birthday party of an important politician to investigate a fake Lupin calling card. Lupin shows up as well. Suddenly, masked assassins break in and begin to shoot everything that moves. Zenigata goes after Lupin amidst all the gunfire and corners him in the courtyard of the house. Suddenly, a hand holding a Walther P-38 pops out of a window and shoots Zenigata in the chest. Lupin recognizes the Walther as his own and decides to investigate. The assassins that attacked the party are from a hidden island called the Island of Assassins. The island is kept secret by the help of top government officials from around the world who use the assassins on the island for their own personal gains. There are lots of hidden secrets on the island, however, and Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko find themselves involved in a plot that tears the residents of the island in half. The movie also delves into Lupin's past in his pre-Jigen days. (Source: ANN)In the future, the moon is a habitable place with an atmosphere and gravity, hosting a famous tourist attraction. There are also rumors about log earred, rabbit like creatures on the moon who can use magic. Haruka Daichi heads off to the moon during a summer holiday alone because he wants to see the long earred creatures himself.However, he get himself dragged into an millenia-old conflict between two ancient moon races: the "long ears" race and the Jado race. The Jado race wants to conquer the universe and resurrect certain evil powers to seize control of the Earth. Now the "long ears" race and Daichi must seek three warriors who can use magic in order to release the Mado King and the "long ears" race's kingdom, Rabiluna, from the Jado's control.(Source: AniDB, edited)Based on a manga "Noroiya Shimai" written by Hirarin and serialized in Monthly Comic Ryuu. It is a story about a pair of sisters who work as "noroiya" (cursers) using magic in a fantasy world. One day a big tree suddenly appears in a forest, and tall buildings that look like they are from our world can be seen entangled in it. The two sisters go there to investigate and get ported to our world. They then encounter two children who are startled by the sisters' sudden appearance and rush back home but at home they see their parents turned into monsters...(Source: MAL News)Dr. Hell and his Mechanical Beasts are back, and they're more dangerous than ever before. Kouji Kabuto and Tetsuya Tsurugi fight a fierce battle against these hellish machines, which are under the command of Baron Ashura. Unfortunately, they are defeated, with Kouji's Mazinger Z being captured and Tetsuya's Great Mazinger seriously damaged by the enemy.The devious Dr. Hell quickly converts the captured robot into Ashura Mazinger and uses it to attack the Photo Power Lab. At the same time, Kouji is missing in action, which leaves Testuya to defend the lab in the damaged Great Mazinger. But the forces of Dr. Hell are too strong, even for a brave pilot such as Tetsuya, and all seems to be lost.The battle seems to be drawing to a close, until an overpowering blast fired by an unknown robot destroys the entire Mechanical Beast army. Could this mysterious robot be the legendary Mazinkaiser, and who is piloting it?Just an ordinary teenager, Kobeni Yonomori receives quite the surprise on her 16th birthday—a fiancé and a sister-in-law she never even knew she had. As a result of an arrangement that her late grandfather made, Hakuya Mitsumine and his younger sister Mashiro have moved from their countryside home to the Yonomori household in order to deepen their relationship with their new family members.Mikakunin de Shinkoukei follows Kobeni's "love life" with Hakuya as she tries her best to adjust to the abrupt changes forced upon her. However, as some extraordinary secrets regarding the siblings come to light, Kobeni will find her life changed forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Minami-ke OVA bundled with the 11th volume of the manga.Chiaki, Kana, and Haruka decide how to spend their last few days of summer together.  Kana struggles to finish her homework.High school student Yoshiharu Sagara wakes up and finds himself in the middle of a raging Sengoku period battle. He is saved by the legendary Hideyoshi Toyotomi, but at the cost of the hero's life. With his dying breath, the warrior pleads for Yoshiharu to become a feudal lord in his place. Now that the course of history has been changed, Yoshiharu pledges to keep the timeline from diverging any further. Yet, after rescuing Nobuna Oda—whom he discovers is actually the fabled Nobunaga Oda's female counterpart—Yoshiharu realizes he has been transported to an alternate reality where most of Japan's historical warlords are now cute girls!To set things right and find a way back home, Yoshiharu agrees to become one of Nobuna's retainers and assist her in a conquest of Japan. As Nobuna initiates her campaign, Yoshiharu discovers that the history he learned from playing the video game "Nobunaga's Ambition" allows him to predict future events and turn the tide of war. Using this invaluable gift to aid the Oda clan's beautiful generals, Yoshiharu hopes to help his new lord fulfill her dream and win the hearts of women everywhere.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ebichu the hamster seems like the perfect house pet: she cleans, shops, cooks, does laundry, and anything to please her master, known only as "Office Lady" (OL). Unfortunately, OL and her unfaithful boyfriend, combined with Ebichu's uncontrollable exuberance and love for ice cream, often earn her severe and bloody punishment. However, Ebichu doesn't seem to mind the abuse if she achieves her goal of making her beloved master a little bit happier.(Source: IMDB)A strange environmental phenomenon 22 years ago in the Kanazawa prefecture caused the land to split and protrude upwards reaching unprecedented heights, creating the secluded area known as The Lost Ground. Kazuma is a young mercenary who lives in the Lost Ground, looking for any work he can find to sustain his livelihood within the harsh environment. He is one of the few people that are gifted with the Alter ability, which allows him to plaster his right arm and torso with a metallic alloy. When this mercenary encounters HOLY, an order whose purpose is to suppress and capture what they call Native Alter Users, and one of the elite members of HOLY, Ryuho, an epic rivalry begins.(Source: ANN)For the production of their game's poolside scene, Blessing Software's illustrator Eriri Spencer Sawamura wants Megumi Katou to model in a swimsuit for her sketches of the game's heroine. However, Megumi refuses to wear such attire unless everyone else agrees to do the same. To ensure the development of their game continues smoothly, the team follows her request as they conduct their fruitful research at a luxury hotel.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Priest Genjo Sanzo and companions Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku maintain their westward journey to stop the resurrection of the demon Gyoumao. As the reputation of the Sanzo Ikkou precedes them, they continue to fight demon assassins at every turn, but they must also deal with increasing tensions within their group in order to defeat a powerful enemy. (Source: ANN)The Sanzo Ikkou continues its westward journey, on a mission to prevent a demonic resurrection. As Genjo Sanzo, Cho Hakkai, Sha Gojyo, and Son Goku fight their way to their goal, their path is fraught with internal strife. When they encounter a formidable pair of adversaries from the west, the cohesion of the group -- and the fate of the mission -- may be at stake. (Source: ANN)To the students of Karai High School, Nanako Yukishiro is a pretty, calm, and cute 16-year-old. However, Nanako is no ordinary girl, as she cannot speak! Instead, Nanako communicates through senryuu—17-syllable-long poems. Sixteen-year-old Eiji Busujima used to be delinquent in his middle school years. However, he has since turned over a new leaf due to his newfound love of senryuu. Despite his menacing looks, Eiji gets along well with Nanako as a fellow member of the Literature Club.Even though Nanako is mute, the adorable pair have no problem communicating with each other. Senryuu Shoujo is a light and relaxing story of two teenagers' daily lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Crimson Denizens and Rinne, beings from a parallel world, seek to devour humans' precious existences. To restore the delicate balance of the world, Flame Hazes hunt these entities down.Yet such things are unknown to Yuuji Sakai, who starts his day like any other and heads to school. His day, however, takes a turn for the extraordinary when he witnesses everyone around him freeze in place and is left the only one able to move. Immediately, a Rinne begins devouring the souls of those around him, but as the creature sets its sights on Yuuji, a katana-wielding Flame Haze with blazing red hair saves him.After his protector fixes the damage done, she explains why Yuuji was able to move: he has become a Torch, a remnant of a dead human being that will eventually fade from memory. Furthermore, he is also a Mystes, a Torch that houses an unknown treasure. Before his flame burns out completely, a Crimson Denizen will try to seize the treasure he holds, so the fiery hunter decides to watch over him. As Yuuji comes to terms with being dead, he resolves to live his life the best he can with the time he has remaining.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the beginning of the Edo Era, when people enjoyed a time of peace, Lord Tokugawa Tadanaga holds a fighting tournament. In the past, matches were fought with wooden swords. This time, real swords will be used.One-armed Fujiki Gennosuke and blind Irako Seigen will fight each other in this match. Both are disciples of Iwamoto Kogan, who is known as Japan's greatest swordsman. Each of them are determined to prove himself the successor of Iwamoto's school. However, there can only be one champion.So begins a story of intertwining fates, conflict, and strange destinies.(Source: ANN)Fourth season in the Kaitou Joker anime series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.(Source: ANN)Creatures known as Shokujinki have been secretly living alongside humans for hundreds of years. Though they may look like humans, Shokujinki are able to transform into uncontrollable beasts with gigantic claws and consume humans to survive. The equally secretive Kifuuken dojo specializes in killing Shokujinki by cutting off their arms, and is the only force preventing unchecked Shokujinki domination.Toshihiko Momota, the son of the leader of the Kifuuken, is instantly charmed by a mysterious woman named Yuka Kamitsuki. Their relationship is complicated, however, because unbeknownst to them both, Yuka is a Shokujinki and Toshihiko is sworn to kill her. Meanwhile, the Kifuuken is having a crisis of confidence as Toshihiko's brother Kazuma pushes against tradition and tries to modernize the Kifuuken. As emotions are strained and the secrets of both the past and present are revealed, who will live, and who will be eaten?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first two shorts feature the original SEED cast and deal with an attempt by Yzak Joule to reclaim his his honor from Athrun Zala after having been one-upped at seemingly every contest with him since his childhood. The last two shorts feature the Minerva crew sent back in time on comical missions from Gil in an attempt to disrupt key events of the Seed era with disastrous yet hilarious effect.(Source: ANN)During a blizzard, Masayuki Muroi's old high school friend pushes him off a mountain to certain death. However, Masayuki survives the fall and escapes to safety thanks to Yuki-Onna, the spirit of a beautiful young woman who is said to lead men to their demise—but all she asks in return is money.Eleven years later, Masayuki has lived a successful life, having gotten married and amassing a great fortune. But when his company collapses and his wife cheats on him, Masayuki retreats to the city where Yuki-Onna once saved him, and he reconnects with her by offering her money and tasty meals. While Masayuki recovers from his misfortunes, another one knocks on his door: his ex-wife is found beaten to death, and now only Yuki-Onna—who cannot reveal herself—can corroborate his alibi.With no one to turn to, Yuki-Onna enlists the help of the spirits' God of Wisdom, Kotoko Iwanaga. Revered by the various spirits that wander the earth, Kotoko uses her extraordinary wits and cunning to solve all quarrels they may have. In her duty to protect spirits and humans from colliding, Kotoko drags along her immortal boyfriend, Kurou Sakuragawa, and promises to prove Masayuki's innocence without exposing Yuki-Onna's existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with volume four of the manga series Love Stage!! written by Eiki Eiki. This OVA takes place right after the final episode of Love Stage!! the anime series, which is based on the manga volumes 1-3. The story begins on a rainy night, when a homeless little black cat is brought home by a young girl Luo Xiaobai. She names the cat Luo Xiao Hei. However, Luo Xiao Hei is no ordinary cat: he is a supernatural entity that hosts several small creatures called Heixiu. As Luo Xiao Hei new life soon threatened by the mysterious Diting, who commands three winged wolves.(Source: asiatvforum.com, edited)After robbing a Moscow casino right under Zenigata's nose, Lupin sets his sights on stealing the Trick Diamond. He and Jigen head to the estate of the recently deceased Mark Williams, another master thief who's had the diamond, as well as other treasures, in his possession for years. However, instead of finding the diamond, Lupin & Jigen find Fujiko, who tells them about Mark's dying wish - Lupin must return all the treasures the old thief stole to their rightful place. If this is done in time, the location of the diamond will be revealed, and Lupin can use it to get the real treasure, hidden in Gaudí's Sagrada Familia. Returning the stolen goods isn't easy though, as Zenigata and the casino boss' ruthless gang are on Lupin and friends' tail. (Source: ANN)Lupin III chronicles the adventures of Arsene Lupin III, the world's greatest thief, and his partners in crime: master marksman Daisuke Jigen, beautiful and scheming Fujiko Mine and stoic samurai Goemon Ishikawa XIII. Lupin and his gang travel around the globe in search of the world's greatest treasures and riches and always keeping one step ahead of the tireless Inspector Zenigata, who has vowed to bring Lupin to justice. (Source: ANN)This is the prequel of My-Otome, which predates the events before the My-Otome Series. In this series, it focuses upon the origins of Lena Sayers, the mother of Arika Yumemiya and former bearer of Lofty Crimson Jade / Blue Sky Sapphire GEM, and Sifr Fran, the biological mother of Nina Wáng and the former queen of Windbloom Kingdom, as well as the origins of Schwartz, Aswad, and the Garderobe Academy and its Five Columns. The kidnapping of Sifr and the powerful revelation of Lena's GEM will soon fatefully determine the outcome of the future for themselves and the others around them.(Source: ANN)In the distant past, a war between humans and demons brought about widespread chaos and bloodshed. To put an end to this seemingly endless conflict, Demon King Anos Voldigoad willingly sacrificed his life, hoping to be reborn in a peaceful future.In preparation for their king's return, the demon race created the Demon King Academy, an elite institution tasked with determining Anos' identity when he reawakens. He reincarnates two millennia later, but to his surprise, he soon learns that the level of magic in the world has drastically waned during his absence. Moreover, when he enrolls at the academy to reclaim his rightful title, he finds out that demonkind remembers him differently. His personality, his deeds, and even his legacy are all falsified—masked beneath the name of an impostor. This "lack" of common knowledge renders him the academy's outlier—a misfit never before seen in history.Despite these drawbacks, Anos remains unfazed. As he sets out to uncover those altering his glorious past, he takes it upon himself to make his descendants recognize that their ruler has finally returned.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day Mori Kogoro's private detective agency receives a blackmail call. It turns out that the caller has dialed the wrong number. Conan is able to identify the voice on the phone, it's similar to that of his old friend Heiji, who's also a high school detective but in Osaka. They join once again forces to solve the case and find the jewel which was stolen. But they are not the only ones who are after the jewel. The notorious master thief Kaitou Kid has taken an interest in this piece, which is worth 100,000,000 Yen, as well and now it's up to Heiji and Conan to be the first to find the culprit and acquire the jewel. (Source: AniDB) All-new animation offered throughout UNIQLO clothing stores in Japan on January 1, 2011. The DVD contains an exclusive version of Mayonaka Orchestra, by the Japanese rock band Aqua Timez. A limited number of the DVDs was offered as presents to people who bought UNIQLO's Naruto graphic T-shirts online or in their stores.(Source: ANN, edited)1. Funshitsu / Miko-san2. Oshigoto / Henbou3. Sentou / ServiceKawamo wo Suberu KazeReturning to Japan to visit her parents after five years abroad, Noriko does not know what to expect. While some things in Kanazawa have changed and some things have stayed the same, Noriko cannot help but dredge up memories of her youth and secrets she thought she had left behind.YuugeTrapped in a loveless marriage, Mimi has little excitement in her life until a rendezvous with the local garbage man, Kou, turns into something more. Now living with Kou—but still married to someone else—Mimi reflects on the decisions that brought her to this point and whether she should prioritize appearances or her happiness.Jinsei Best TenHatoko Nikawa has a habit of reflecting on her "best ten," the most memorable moments of her life, but is somewhat dismayed that, despite her 39 years on Earth, her best ten moments all occurred before her 18th birthday. Hearing that her middle school reunion is coming up, Hatoko hopes to reunite with her first love without knowing how much he has changed or whether he can live up to her expectations.Dokoka Dewanai KokoWith an adult son who sleeps all day, a daughter who barely returns home, and a husband who lost his job, Maho Katou bears a lot of stress. Working nights at a local store to support her family, she has little time for sleep or pleasure. With Maho constantly overexerting herself, it may only be a matter of time until she collapses under pressure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pretty Cure All Stars New Stage 3: Eien no Tomodachi is the sixth of the Pretty Cure All Stars crossover movie series featuring all current Pretty Cure characters and the last of the "New Stage" film, including the 16th movie of all Pretty Cure movie series.(Source: Pretty Cure Wikia)Hachimitsu Private Academy's five male students have been released from their oppressive prison captors, allowing them to return to their ideal school lives surrounded by short-skirted girls.With their freedom restored, things could not be going better for the gang. Kiyoshi Fujino and Shingo Wakamoto have formed close bonds with their female classmates; Reiji Andou is the center of attention due to his masochistic quirks; and even Takehito "Gakuto" Morokuzu—notorious for defecating himself during class—befriends the klutzy yet like-minded Mitsuko Yokoyama. However, in contrast to his fellow ex-convicts, Jouji "Joe" Nezu struggles to readjust to student life, and the unlikely romantic success of his friend Gakuto pushes him to his wit's end. Feeling ostracized, he begins to wonder if life was better behind bars.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kuno purchases a strange egg, believing that the mysterious powers of the legendary Phoenix will help him defeat Ranma. But when the egg hatches on his head, the bird goes out of control and wreaks havoc all over Tokyo. Ranma and the gang must use any means necessary to get the Phoenix to leave Kuno's head and fly away.(Source: ANN)The world of corporate badminton is not as easy as it seems. Although considered a former child prodigy, Mikoto Shiratori has not been living up to his potential as a badminton player for Mitsuhoshi Bank. Due to a past incident, Mikoto tries to transition from playing doubles to singles; nevertheless, he fails to produce positive results, much to his employer's dismay.After being fired from the bank, Mikoto is recruited by the Sunlight Beverage corporate badminton team. Surprisingly, not only do practices start in the evening, but he also has to work in the sales department of the company by day. While this is not a novel arrangement, Mikoto had thought he was invited solely to play sports. To make matters worse, he is forced to compete in doubles despite his reluctance.Struggling to adjust to his new professional life, Mikoto begins to doubt his decision to join the company. However, as he learns more about his latest teammates, he might just find the strength necessary to advance his badminton career.[Written by MAL Rewrite]War rages between two neighboring countries, but one side has an ace up their sleeve: an ancient dragon bound by a pact to protect the nation. Despite these overpowering creatures being capable of leveling entire battlefields, they are rendered useless by cavities. And so, a special unit—the dragon dentists—has the important duty of caring for the dragon's teeth.Nonoko Kishii was the only one of many brave volunteers who survived a recent round of recruitment; in order to join the dragon dentists, one has to witness their future demise and accept it without a fight. Knowing the exact circumstances of their fated ends, the dragon dentists devote themselves to their work. One day, they gain a new member who did not undergo the test: Bernard "Bel" Octavius, a young enemy officer killed by his own men and revived by the dragon's teeth. Despite his appearance being an omen of a great disaster, he is placed under the care of Nonoko as a dentist-in-training. Will Bel come around to the dragon dentists' attitudes toward death and help them face the painful future that is to come?[Written by MAL Rewrite]30 seconds sketches/omakes from the OVAs.When he was a young boy, Afro witnessed his father be cut down in a duel at the hands of a man known only as Justice. After taking the life of Afro's father, Justice cast aside his Number Two headband and took the Number One to claim its godly powers as his own.Years later, having obtained the Number Two headband which grants him the right to challenge the Number One, Afro moves forward in his hunt for revenge on the man who murdered his father. There is just one thing that stands in his way—everyone else in the world! Though the Number One can only be challenged by the Number Two, the Number Two can be challenged by anyone. As his enemies gather to try and take the title of Number Two, Afro must fight through a myriad of foes and obstacles if he hopes to reach the Number One and claim vengeance once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an interplanetary war at the beginning of the 21st century, planet Earth has been left in ruins, with much of its ecosystem completely destroyed. Because it was no longer possible to live a normal life on this planet, the inhabitants are forced to move on to other planets where life will, hopefully, be more comfortable.The Deep Galactic Trade Organization, a totalitarian government that affects many of the newly inhabited planets, has somehow come to the conclusion that music is a source of evil, and that it must be banned and destroyed for good. The talent group AKB0048 is soon formed, based on the original AKB48 members that once lived on Earth. Even though their music is now considered universally illegal, they make it their mission to bring their music back to life by travelling from one planet to another and holding as many concerts as they possibly can. They must undergo a whole new set of training methods in order to become the best that they can possibly be, while also avoiding the constant danger of being arrested because of their music. Join interplanetary popstars AKB0048 as they try to save the world－with music!An unaired episode bundled with the seventh Blu-ray volume of the  Amanchu! anime series.In the year 2039, the drastic effects of global warming have caused sea levels to rise, resulting in major loss of land. To ensure humanity learns its lesson, a fleet of powerful warships equipped with advanced weaponry emerges, causing overwhelming defeat for naval forces throughout the world. Calling themselves the Fleet of Fog, each ship has a "Mental Model," a humanoid avatar which represents the ship's heart, its "Union Core." Each model has a different personality but all follow an unknown authority known as the Admiralty Code, who have implemented a blockade to prevent humans from traveling across the sea.Seventeen years after the blockade, Gunzou Chihaya, a National Marine Academy alumnus, stumbles upon I-401 and its Mental Model, Iona, who sides with mankind for unknown reasons. Utilizing this newfound hope of achieving peace for humanity, Gunzou and his friends form a group of privateers, known as the Blue Steel, as they set out on a dangerous journey.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the limited edition volume 16.The episode features an original premise where Fumino, Mafuyu, Uruka, Rizu, and Asumi are taking part in a wedding ceremony.(Source: MAL News)The series covers the life of a Dutch duck named Alfred J Kwak from the day he is born. He lost his parents, brothers, and sisters when he was young and was raised by a mole. In his life, Alfred tries to help all sorts of animals all over the world. The series is meant to entertain children and teach children about life, covering historical aspects like WWII.(Source: AniDB, edited)City Hunter, Saeba Ryo, after months of idleness, finally scores a client and it is none other than the beautiful Mega City TV newscaster, Sayaka, who fears for her life. What's more, the enemy are her employers who are ready to resort to any means necessary to kill her. Ryo takes on the might of a TV station in a bid to save Sayaka, but finds that all is not what it seems...An adventure set in a south island. Shinnosuke with his parents and friends joined a tour with the preview of Action Kamen's new movie 'South Sea Millennium Wars' on a luxury liner, but a funky guy who names himself Paradise King and his slave gang of gibbon monkeys took away all the adults to a south island. Gotaro Go, an actor playing the role of Action Kamen, with Shinnosuke, fights a martial-arts battle and air battle against Paradise King. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Hope's Peak Academy's unconventional class 77-B is about to have an even more eccentric addition: Chisa Yukizome, an alumna with the title of Super High School-Level Housekeeper—and their new homeroom teacher. Cheerful, passionate, and capable, Chisa immediately sets about correcting the students' problematic behavior and strengthening their relationships. It may not be easy dealing with diverse pupils ranging from princesses and nurses to yakuza and impossibly lucky students, but anything is possible with the power of hope.Meanwhile, Hajime Hinata, an unremarkable boy from the school's Reserve Course, longs for a talent. One day, he has an unexpected meeting with class 77-B's Super High School-Level Gamer Chiaki Nanami, who presents to him a new, hope-filled outlook on life. However, unbeknownst to him, the school's upper echelon is about to execute a sinister project centered around Hajime that will bring Hope's Peak—and the rest of the world—to its knees.Zetsubou-hen chronicles the daily lives carried out at the talent-cultivating academy, and the darkness that lurks beneath. As despair slowly infects hope, plans are put into motion to start the Biggest, Most Awful, Most Tragic Event in Human History, and the end begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Far in the future, the lifeforms known as Gadoll suddenly arose as a threat to humanity. The last surviving humans on Earth confine themselves to the Tank, a lower district in the giant mobile fortress Deca-Dence. While the Gears who live on the upper floors are warriors who go out to fight as part of the Power, most Tankers are content to provide support from the backlines, butchering Gadoll meat and reinforcing defenses. Natsume is among those who would rather go to the front lines; undeterred by her prosthetic right arm, she seeks to join the small number of Tanker soldiers who join the Gears in combat. But despite her peers at the orphanage each receiving their work assignments, Natsume’s enlistment to the Power remains unapproved. In the meantime, she begins a job as a cleaner in an armor repair team led by the hard-nosed and apathetic Kaburagi, who seems to be more than he lets on. Though initially cold to his idealistic subordinate, he soon recognizes in her the potential to upset the status quo of the world. As Natsume’s new mentor, Kaburagi prepares her for the special and unique role as a game-changing bug in the system.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Doraemon and its friends open a hole in the time and they're travel to the Country of Mayana, a lost Mayan civilization in the jungle. There, Nobita will know its perfect double, prince Thio, heir to the throne. Both will decide to interchange papers to try to save to the Country of Mayana of the claws of the infernal Ledina witch and her evil forces.(Source: ANN)One day, Nobita runs into a creature-like ball of wind, which came from a faraway land, but blew into their neighbourhood following the recent typhoon that went through the area. Nobita names it Fuuko. Eventually, he, Doraemon and their friends take it to a vast countryside through the Anywhere Door. There, they learn about the Wind and Storm Villages, and Fuuko's real identity. Soon, Nobita and his friends have to protect Fuuko from the Storm Village and a now-possessed Nobuo, who is being controlled by the spirit of the Storm Village's former leader. (Source: ANN)Fine and Rein are sent to the Royal Wonder Academy on the Royal Wonder Planet in order to study to become better princesses. They plan to make many friends, but unfortunately, the competition and cold nature of the students and teachers make things impossible. The twins also become Universal Princesses when touching the legendary Soleil Bell, releasing two angels named Pyupyu and Kyukyu to help aid them. Unfortunately, an evil force manifested in a painting doesn't seem to be satisfied about the Universal Princesses... (Source: ANN)Their mission is to locate and retrieve the mysterious Lost Technology, even though these girls have never been known to stick to their mission. Milfeulle, Forte, Ranpha, Mint, and Vanilla are back for another round of hilarity. The Galaxy Angels have sworn to protect the galaxy one planet at a time. Now with some competition with the newly-formed Twin Star Brigade, they continue to find themselves in the center of chaos... though usually they're the ones at fault for its cause.(Source: ANN)Kitajima Maya, a 13-year old girl with a talent for acting, was discovered by the reclusive actress Tsukikage. The story follows Maya's growing up, intense training, overcoming challenges, and evolving into the foremost actress of her generation (she is about 20 so far). Maya's greatest rival is Himekawa Ayumi, the beautiful daughter of a famous movie couple. They ultimately vied for the most sought-after role - the "Crimson Goddess". An equally important subplot Maya's relationship with the handsome and ruthless entertainment mogul Hayami Masumi, who secretly became her number one fan, but misunderstandings and bad-timing obstructed their romance...(Source: ANN)In 1864 Japan, a young woman named Chizuru Yukimura is searching for her missing father, Koudou, a doctor by trade whose work often takes him far from home. But with no word from him in months, Chizuru disguises herself as a man and heads to Kyoto in search of him. Attracting the attention of ronin, she tries to hide and ends up witnessing a horrifying sight: the ronin being brutally murdered by crazed white-haired men. In a startling turn of events, members of the Shinsengumi arrive to dispatch the creatures. But Chizuru's safety doesn't last long, as this group of men tie her up and take her back to their headquarters, unsure of whether to let her live or silence her permanently.However, once she reveals the name of her father, the Shinsengumi decide to keep her safe, as they too have been searching for him. But Koudou is more connected to the Shinsengumi than they let on, and soon Chizuru finds herself embroiled in a conflict between the Shinsengumi and their enemies, as well as political tension in Kyoto.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The cells of the human body never rest for too long; there's always something new to do and learn every day. At least, that's what Hakkekkyuu U-1146 feels as he rushes to and fro, searching for any pathogens that could cause harm to the body. Despite his dangerous line of work, it's all worth it to protect the happy smiles of Sekkekkyuu AE3803, the platelet crew, his fellow neutrophils, and the other cells he meets along the way. In his latest pathogen-hunting adventures, Hakkekkyuu U-1146 discovers how important cells can sometimes make mistakes, and that not all bacteria are actually bad. Everybody has their bad days, but everything eventually works out when their comrades have their backs. In the end, it's just another normal day for these hardworking cells![Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Bow is a homeless dog, who enjoys his carefree life. This dog is no super-hero. He drools when he's hungry, he wags his tail when he's happy, and he barks when he's excited, just like an ordinary dog but even uglier and stupider! His dumb innocence often leads to disaster. But somehow people are charmed by him. School children, a lonesome cartoonist, and a gangster family all play an important role in Bow's life.(Source: ANN)Specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.Despite completing all the tasks given to them, Ainz Ooal Gown, Tanya Degurechaff, Kazuma Satou, Subaru Natsuki, and the other members of Class 2 are surprised to find out that their role as students is far from over. With no means of returning home, the class of eccentric personalities is still mysteriously stuck in the unfamiliar world. Although, as they are becoming quite fond of each other, spending more time together does not sound that bad.With the unexpected arrival of new transfer students, the comedic antics of our beloved characters continue to grow. Thus, their bizarre yet nonchalant school life continues.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The gang goes to an indoor swimming pool for some fun in the sun.  As expected, all hell breaks loose when Tomoki goes on one of his perverted missions.Meanwhile, Nymph is having some issues with the loss of her master and considers asking Tomoki to be her replacement master.This episode was not aired on TV because it was deemed too dangerous...Preparations for a new offensive against the Neuroi—a mysterious race of alien invaders—are well underway. The objective is securing Berlin, the capital city of the Empire of Karlsland, which is necessary for wiping out the Neuroi threat from Europe. However, as the enemy is capable of adapting to the battlefield on a daily basis, the allied forces and the current state of Striker technology might not be enough to achieve a victory.Meanwhile, Yoshika Miyafuji, a Witch from Fuso, continues her medical studies in Lausanne. Having recovered from a recent incident that deprived her of magical power, she is eager to assist in the war effort. The call to arms soon arrives and the scattered witches of the 501st Joint Fighter Wing must be gathered once again for a final push against the enemy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]TV anime special of Bandai Namco Games' Tales of Zestiria role-playing game.In her last year of middle school, Fuu Sawatari had trouble dealing with her emotions following the sudden death of her father. Through the help of her brother and childhood friend, she rediscovered her love for photography, an activity she and her father often did together. In addition, she decided to attend high school in Takehara, her father's hometown and a place they often visited when she was younger.It has been one month now since Fuu moved to Takehara and became close with her current group of friends: carefree Kaoru Hanawa, excitable Norie Okazaki, and quiet Maon Sakurada. Together with them and several acquaintances around town and abroad, Fuu continues her mission of capturing the joys of everyday life using her father's camera, while also helping her friends discover their own passions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Seishun Academy Boys' Tennis team have gone off to the S.K.B Tennis Club for a one-day boot camp. The infamous "training from Hell" first tests the members as they run all the way up toward the mountainside club. Shortly after, they participate in specialized tennis practice that matches their specific playstyles. With the threat of Sadaharu Inui's new "Marvelous Surprise Inui Juice Excellent" awaiting any who fail to complete their daily tasks, the boys persevere through their exhaustion. A group of ill-mannered university students also arrive at the resort and demand to use the courts initially reserved for Seishun. Annoyed by their arrogance, Ryouma Echizen single-handedly challenges them to a match, with the winner claiming the right to the courts. Can the young freshman "super rookie" defeat the pompous team by himself?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls.The adventures of Lum, Ataru, Ten, and all the gang from Tomobiki continue in an assortment of new – but no less weird – stories. Watch as Lum, Ataru, and Shinobu encounter a rabbit-clad youth, enter the Room of Destiny, and get a glimpse into their futures in "Inaba the Dreammaker," or see Ran's plans to use a sherbet cone-producing bird to open a sherbet shop one hot Tokyo summer go terribly awry in “Raging Sherbet.” Ataru has yet another bad experience with Lum's cooking in "I Howl at the Moon".(Source: ANN)Fifth season of Yao Shen Ji.A retelling of the first season, taking place at Toudou's family inn where he, Makishima, and Onoda reflect on the events.The story follows the school life of the three girls, Yuzuko, Yukari, and Yui, who join their high school's Data Processing Club. The odd friendship between the three make for wacky humor in even the most mundane of events.In these three self-contained half-hour stories, Lina Inverse and her partner, Naga The Serpent, take on a variety of jobs for quick cash, food, and/or their own skins. The first episode, "The Scary Chimera Plan," pits them against a lunatic magician who intends to use Lina to create a fearsome, spell-slinging monster. Then, in "Jeffry's Knighthood," they're hired by an overprotective mother to see that her son - a young man barely capable of holding a sword - becomes a respected knight, by "helping" him fight off the marauding soldiers terrorizing the area. Finally, "Mirror, Mirror" puts the two in a race to hunt down and capture (for bounty, of course) a rogue sorceror who's found an ancient artifact that can create loyal duplicates of anything or anyone, including his enemies. (Source: ANN)The movie transports the Precure into a world inside a picture book, where they are guided by Nico, a mysterious inhabitant of the picture book world.A 2-episode OVA for Suisei no Gargantia revealed during an announcement at AnimeJapan 2014.(Source: MAL News)An uncut version of episode six, involving Kamina's hopes of seeing Yoko and The Black Siblings naked, even at the risk of his friends' safety. (Source: Wikipedia)Academy City, Japan, is at the forefront of science. Besides being 30 years ahead of the world technologically, more than three-fourths of this peculiar city's population consists of students developing their psychic abilities as espers in various institutions. Among these students is Touma Kamijou, a high school boy with the lowest psychic rank of zero, but with a mysterious power no scientist can understand: "Imagine Breaker," which allows him to negate other supernatural abilities.This, however, doesn't affect Kamijou's life in the least as he plays his role as a regular teenager; that is, until he meets the strange Index Librorum Prohibitorum, a young girl who has memorized the entirety of the forbidden grimoires, and now a dangerous organization is hunting Index down. With several magicians looking to harm the girl, Kamijou will defend his new companion at all costs as he discovers a strange new realm of the supernatural.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Idol groups ST☆RISH, QUARTET NIGHT, and HE★VENS take to the stage in this feature-length animated concert. The three groups sing, dance, and welcome cheering fans to the Maji Love Kingdom.(Source: ANN)Rei Oohashi is a burned-out office worker by day but otome game heroine Rae Taylor by night. After her long workdays, Rei immerses herself in the world of her favorite dating sim, Revolution, as a student at Bauer Kingdom's prestigious Royal Academy. Instead of focusing on the male love interests, Rei obsesses over the romantic rival: the game's villainess, Claire François. One evening, however, Rei's exhaustion catches up with her and she passes away.When Rei opens her eyes again, she finds herself reincarnated as Rae and in the presence of her beloved Claire. Given this miraculous opportunity, she wastes no time declaring her love for the golden-haired villainess and her endearing attempts at bullying. Winning Claire's heart is no easy feat, especially as the game persistently throws the three male leads at Rae—but she has no intention of allowing the dating sim logic to come between her and the one she truly loves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sakamichi Onoda is an otaku who just wants to find more people to join the recently disbanded anime club with him. However, when a couple cyclists spy his skill in riding the bulky mamachari bike he's had since youth, they attempt to convince him to join the bicycle racing club instead. An OVA bundled with the 29th volume of the manga.Although it is a miracle that Kaginado Academy remains standing, Yuri Nakamura and her cohorts vow to retaliate against the god that created their universe. Pointing out its many absurdities, she proposes that the academy is actually a stand-in for the afterlife.Yuri's theory makes everyone restless; some begin questioning and even second-guessing their own memories. However, not all agree with the notion, defending the fact that their current existence is a result of their past rather than the interference of an omniscient being. Life at Kaginado Academy continues to be frenetic—despite how much the students want it to be otherwise![Written by MAL Rewrite]As she strives to be an upstanding student council president, Misaki Ayuzawa maintains the same dedication to her secret part-time job at a maid cafe. As if Misaki's everyday life is not busy enough, the people around her only make it more hectic. Each colorful member of the cast has a story to tell, expressing their personalities further by putting their own twist on familiar scenes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haruno Kasumi is a fourth-grader. Her parents are zoologists who went over to Africa to carry out their research studies. In order to see off her parents, Kasumi arrived at Kasumi Town. In the middle of the town lies an enormous mansion surrounded by the forest. The mansion belongs to the Kasumi household, the family in which Kasumi will be lodging in and taken care of. There is a mysterious aura about the mansion and Kasumi discovers a series of talking appliances. The Kasumi family refers to these creatures as "Henamon". In return for living in with the family, Kasumi will be helping out with the household chores such as cooking and washing. Surrounded by various interesting characters, Kasumi begins a new chapter in her life.(Source: ANN)Created from the aftermath of the last great battle of the gods, Lodoss and its kingdoms have been plagued by war for thousands of years. As a quiet peace and unity finally become foreseeable over the land, an unknown evil begins to stir. An ancient witch has awakened, bent on preserving the island of Lodoss by creating political unbalance throughout the many kingdoms and keeping any one from maintaining central control. Only a mixed-race party of six young champions, led by the young warrior Parn, stand between this new threat and Lodoss' descent back into the darkness of war and destruction. (Source: ANN) After a diamond heist in Brazil, Lupin hides the gem in a doll and boards a plane headed out of the country. While on board, the doll is stolen by a little girl named Julia, whose nanny is none other than Fujiko Mine. Before Lupin can get the doll back, the plane is hijacked and the girl is kidnapped. The kidnappers are after the same thing that Fujiko is after - a book of Nostradamus prophecies hidden in Julia's father's tower. Lupin and the gang join forces to save the girl, get the diamond back, and discover the secrets surrounding the strange book. (Source: ANN)"Fantasista Flower" is a side-story OVA related to The Eleventh Striker. (Source: Detective Conan World) The third season of Meng Qi Shi Shen.Commemoration mini-anime series released on Kyoani YouTube Channel ahead of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon S.Miyo Sasaki is an energetic high school girl who comes from a broken family consisting of her unconfident father and an overly invested stepmother, whose attempts at connecting with Miyo come across as bothersome. Seeing Kento Hinode as a refuge from all her personal issues, she cannot help herself from forcing her unorthodox demonstrations of love onto her crush.While Miyo is unable to get Kento's attention as herself, she manages to succeed by interacting with him in the form of a white cat, affectionately nicknamed "Tarou" by Kento. But Miyo soon realizes that she cannot help Kento with the various problems she overhears in her cat form and is now caught between two tough choices. Will she continue her relationship with him as a cat, or will she reveal her identity and risk what they have in order to help him as her human self?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Restaurant worker Minare Koda has recently been through a bad breakup. Heartbroken and drunk after a night out, she rants about her misery to a complete stranger—Kanetsugu Matou, a radio station director local to Sapporo, Hokkaido.The next day at work, Minare is shocked to hear a recording of herself from the previous night playing over the radio. Flustered, she rushes to the radio station in a frenzy to stop the broadcast. As she confronts Matou, a chain of events leads to her giving an impromptu talk live on air, explaining her savage drunken speech. With her energetic voice, she delivers a smooth dialogue with no hesitation, which Matou recognizes as raw talent.Minare soon becomes a late-night talk show host under Matou's direction, covering amusing narratives set in Sapporo, all while balancing her day job and personal life to make ends meet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite having seemingly quelled the war between their respective gangs, Raku Ichijou and Chitoge Kirisaki still carry on with their fake relationship. Eventually, as Chitoge's perception of Raku slowly changes, she even begins to see him as a little charming. Chitoge struggles to come to terms with her newfound feelings for Raku, as a new girl joins the slew of Raku's admirers and the competition among those vying for the yakuza heir's attention grows even fiercer. And amidst all this, Raku's search for his first love and the contents of the mysterious sealed locket continues in Nisekoi:, which picks up where the first season left off.[Written by MAL Rewrite]World-class conductor Franz von Stresemann sends his favorite music students Shinichi Chiaki, Megumi "Nodame" Noda, Ryuutarou Mine, and Masumi Okuyama to the Nina Lutz Music Festival in Nagano to study under other famous masters. During their car ride, Chiaki is irritated by his friends' antics, but later wakes up from a nap to discover that they took a detour to a beach in Niigata. Mine tans under the bright sun while Nodame and Masumi enjoy a refreshing swim; Chiaki sits inside the beach club, trying his best to hide his fear of the sea. When Nodame suggests renting an inflatable boat to row over to a small island, will Chiaki be able to keep his secret?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuuto and Haruka are looking forward to spending time together on a school trip. However, Shina finally works up the nerve to tell Yuuto she has feelings for him. This event drives a wedge between Haruka and Yuuto and forces them to confront how they feel.(Source: ANN)The four princes of Grannzreich—Kai, Bruno, Leonhard, and Licht— continue to compete for the right to their kingdom's throne under the guidance of their beloved royal tutor, the competent yet childlike Heine Wittgenstein.One day, during a political visit to Grannzreich, the king of the neighboring Romano Kingdom arrives at the royal palace with his twin sons, Ivan and Eugene. In the hopes of befriending the twins, Heine and the four princes meet their visitors, but their efforts are thwarted instantly when the two twin princes declare that they refuse to address those who will never reach the throne. Dispersing the tension between the boys, Heine reveals that he, upon their father King Victor von Grannzreich's request, will be tutoring the Romano princes alongside the Grannzreichs for the duration of their stay, in hopes of strengthening the future relations between the two kingdoms.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the crisis brought forth by the Black Order, Bo City's surviving residents desert the place. With nearby cities providing shelter to the displaced refugees, Mo Fan and his family accept the offer and travel to Mingzhu City, the capital of magic. Mo Fan has little time to settle in when his teacher Tang Yue requests him to assist her with an investigation involving the Black Order. However, Mo Fan agrees only on the condition of having a dark element awakened in him.As he steadily attunes to his newfound powers, Mo Fan prepares to enroll at Mingzhu University, a dream place for all magicians. Along the way, Mo Fan's interactions with the elements steadily surpass his expectations, showing him that this is only the beginning of discoveries within his limitless potential.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It has been three months since the incident at Yokohama. Things have been settling down at Cafe Nowhere. Murasaki and Hajime have teamed up and started investigating again. After an unforeseen reunion, Art holds Nice at gunpoint. What are his real intentions? What will become of the connection between Art and Hamatora?(Source: Crunchyroll)Most people think that ninjas are a thing of the past, but Rekka Hanabishi wishes otherwise. Although he comes from a family that makes fireworks, he likes to think of himself as a self-styled, modern-day ninja. Sounds like fun, right? Maybe not. Rekka ends up in lots of fights because he once made the bold announcement that if someone can defeat him, he will become their servant.Then one day, Rekka meets Yanagi Sakoshita, a gentle girl with the ability to heal any wound or injury. Their meeting sets off a chain of events, which culminate into a shocking discovery. Rekka is the last surviving member of a legendary ninja clan that was wiped out centuries ago. Even more astonishing than being an actual ninja, he also wields the power to control fire. What does this mean for Rekka? Who are these strange people after him and Yanagi? Find out in Rekka no Honoo!It is widely believed that science can provide rational explanations for the countless phenomena of our universe. However, there are many aspects of our existence that science has not yet found a solution to and cannot decipher with numbers. The most notorious of these is the concept of love. While it may seem impossible to apply scientific theory to such an intricate and complex emotion, a daring pair of quick-witted Saitama University scientists aim to take on the challenge.One day the bold and beautiful Ayame Himuro outwardly declares that she is in love with Shinya Yukimura, her fellow logical and level-headed scientist. Acknowledging his own lack of experience with romance, Yukimura questions what factors constitute love in the first place and whether he is in love with Himuro or not. Both clueless in the dealings of love, the pair begin to conduct detailed experiments on one another to test the human characteristics that indicate love and discern whether they demonstrate these traits toward each other.As Himuro and Yukimura begin their intimate analysis, can the two scientists successfully apply scientific theory, with the help of their friends, to quantify the feelings they express for one another?[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a train to her new middle school, Momoka Sonokawa is preyed upon by a molester, only to be rescued by a girl wielding dual pistols. The girl turns out to be Miou Ootori, Momoka's upperclassman and president of the Aogiri Academy's Survival Game Club, called Sabage-bu for short. Noticing Momoka's aptitude with a pistol, Miou takes a liking to her and tries to persuade her to join the club. In spite of her steadfast refusal, Momoka inexplicably finds herself a member of Sabage-bu.Sabage-bu is anything but a typical middle-school club. Its members' socially awkward behaviors scare Momoka. Their personalities range from the fanatical to the completely delusional. They do not hold back from walking around public areas wearing ghillie suits or even bungee jumping from the school building. Thrown together with this collection of survival game maniacs, the zealously ordinary Momoka must somehow adjust to her unexpectedly wild school life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Achiga Girls' Academy in Nara once defeated regional mahjong powerhouse Bansei High School. It advanced into the national team semifinals but lost to the eventual champion, and the mahjong club was later disbanded.Six years later, elementary school student Shizuno Takakamo befriends transfer student Nodoka Haramura. The two eventually enter Achiga Girls', but Nodoka transfers out of the school in the second year.When Shizuno sees Nodoka on television the following year as the national middle school individual mahjong champion, she decides to revive Achiga's mahjong club.The world's greatest assassin had sworn lifelong allegiance to the organization that raised him. However, despite his loyalty, that very same organization takes action to silence him, ultimately leading to his demise. Drowning in frustration and regrets he can no longer suppress, he finds himself in an audience with a goddess attracted by his exceptional skills. The goddess offers him reincarnation into a magnificent world of swords and magic so he can perform a crucial mission: prevent that world's destruction by slaying its hero.Accepting the goddess' request, he is reborn as Lugh Tuatha Dé, the son of a noble family of assassins serving the Alvan Kingdom. Under the guidance of his father, Lugh learns new assassination techniques that significantly differ from the cold-blooded and unsympathetic killing style of his previous life. Furthermore, his other talents bloom, allowing him to meet new allies and acquaintances. Even so, Lugh knows that his efforts are far from adequate, because a monumental adversary such as the hero can only be defeated with perfection.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The unforeseen outcome of Iona Urazoe's fan gathering continues to weigh heavily on Ruuko Kominato. Having uncovered the truth behind being a Selector, Ruuko and her friends Yuzuki Kurebayashi and Hitoe Uemura hesitate to partake in the battles that may ruin the lives they have come to cherish. The same cannot be said for Chiyori, a fellow Selector who remains oblivious to the consequences of losing despite all warnings. As she tries to convince Chiyori out of her cruel fate, Ruuko learns more about a WIXOSS novel—which may reveal the secrets of LRIGs and the Selector battles' very existence.Meanwhile, Akira Aoi and her model career have rebounded thanks to Iona, who is now possessed by Ulith. With her life back on track, Akira pledges to assist Ulith in any way she can. Unbeknownst to her, Ulith is scheming to utilize a familiar LRIG to not only torment Ruuko but also prevent the latter's wish from ever being fulfilled.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the 2501st year of the Glacier Calendar, the asteroid where the demons and the orcs survive flew to and hit the only continent on the phalanx - the fairy continent, known as the cataclysm in history. After the human ancestor Tianxing predicted the cataclysm with the Book of Prophecy, the two great powers, the demons and the spirits, joined all races to refine the seven-sacred artifact to fight against the collision and avoid the destruction of the world. The Fairy Continent was then torn apart and turned into seven seas and six regions. More than 300 years after the cataclysm, the demons gradually awakened and extended their minions to the Seven Seas and Six Regions... By chance, the two human teenagers obtained the Peerless Pearl among the Seven Gods Pearls, giving them the ability to The ability to summon each other. And the fate of mankind is about to be rewritten!(Source: iQIYI)A year can change a person's life forever. The 365 days Class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Junior High spent with their eccentric teacher, Koro-sensei, certainly did. Carrying the memories of that year close to their hearts, alumni Nagisa Shiota and Karma Akabane return to their former classroom to recall the events of that momentous time of their lives.Nagisa and Karma are reminded by the familiar rooms, desks, chalkboard, and the class album of the events that shaped them into "assassins" and prepared them for the real world. That is the legacy of their octopus-like teacher—who had introduced himself by threatening to destroy the world if they didn't kill him by the end of the school year—and the time spent in the bizarre yet exceptional "Assassination Classroom."[Written by MAL Rewrite]The ExWire of True Cross Academy are beset with shock and fear in the aftermath of discovering that one of their own classmates, Rin Okumura, is the son of Satan. But for the moment, they have more pressing concerns than that of Rin's parentage: the left eye of the Impure King, a powerful demon, has been stolen from the academy's Deep Keep. After an attempt is made to steal the right eye in Kyoto as well, Rin and the other ExWires are sent to investigate the mystery behind the Impure King and the ultimate goal of the thief.While this mission has them cooperating for the time being, Rin has never felt more distant from his fellow exorcists. In his attempt to reconcile with them, he undergoes specialized training to control his dark power. However, when the right eye is stolen not long after their arrival, the unthinkable threat of a traitor amongst them leaves them in need of all the power they can get.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Throughout history, humans have been at odds with Beastmen—a species capable of changing shape due to their genetic "Beast Factor." Because of this conflict, Beastmen have been forced into hiding. Anima City serves as a safe haven for these oppressed individuals to live free from human interference.During a festival celebrating the town's 10th anniversary, Michiru Kagemori, a human who suddenly turned into a tanuki, finds that Anima City is a far cry from paradise. After witnessing an explosion in the square, she is confronted by Shirou Ogami, a seemingly indestructible wolf and sworn protector of all Beastmen. As they pursue the criminals behind the bombing, the two discover that Michiru is anything but an ordinary Beastman, and look to investigate her mysterious past and uncanny abilities. Could she turn out to be the missing link between Humans and Beastmen?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episode 1 is based on one-shot manga released in Vol. Origin, it explores the back-story of All Might's past and his journey into becoming the No.1 hero.Episode 2 is an epilogue picture drama for Boku no Hero Academia the Movie: Futari no Hero.Short specials included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Boku no Hero Academia the Movie: Futari no Hero.Captain Tsubasa is the passionate story of an elementary school student whose thoughts and dreams revolve almost entirely around the love of soccer. 11-year-old Tsubasa Oozora started playing soccer at a very young age, and while it was mostly just a recreational sport for his friends, for him, it developed into something of an obsession. In order to pursue his dream to the best of his elementary school abilities, Tsubasa moves with his mother to Nankatsu city, which is well-known for its excellent elementary school soccer teams. But although he was easily the best in his old town, Nankatsu has a lot more competition, and he will need all of his skill and talent in order to stand out from this new crowd.He encounters not only rivals, but also new friends like the pretty girl Sanae Nakazawa and the talented goalkeeper, Genzo Wakabayashi, who shares the same passion as Tsubasa, and will prove to be a treasured friend in helping him push towards his dreams. Representing Japan in the FIFA World Cup is Tsubasa’s ultimate dream, but it will take a lot more than talent to reach it.After the US military ousts a sadistic Central-American tyrant, a spirit of merciless vengeance is born. And when the Bay City Hotel unveils its new supercomputer, the deposed ruler and his loyal daughter devise a plan. With her hacking skills, the very same computer that delivers room service can now deliver a nuclear payload right to Washington's front door. But their nuclear vengeance has one unforeseen problem—City Hunter. And now, the only question remaining is who's finger is faster? The girl on the button or the man on the trigger? (Source: Sunrise, edited)The Z Warriors discover an unopenable music box and are told to open it with the dragon balls. The contents turn out to be a warrior named Tapion who had sealed himself inside along with a monster called Hildegarn. Goku must now perfect a new technique to defeat the evil monster. (Source: ANN)In the name of the king, the Valiante Kingdom launched hunts to exterminate users of witchcraft. Seventeen years later, their pursuit is still growing in both size and brutality. Unbeknownst to the citizens, the targets of these witch hunts are the secret protectors of humanity. Known as the Makai Knights and Alchemists, they have a strong will to protect people from Horrors, demons who possess souls plagued by sadness and pain.One such Makai Knight is 17-year-old Leon Luis who inherits the legendary armor of the Golden Knight Garo from his mother. Though he possesses great power, he struggles to overcome the hatred he bears from his mother's death at the hands of the kingdom. His father German, known as Zoro the Shadow Cutting Knight, is still training Leon when he is called to investigate the upsurge of Horrors in the kingdom's capital. Although German knows Leon's will is wavering, he decides to bring Leon along to continue his training.As German and Leon head to the capital, the king's amiable son Alfonso San Valiante struggles to find a solution to the growing Horror threat. But before he can do so, he is double-crossed and banished from his own kingdom. To return home, Alfonso sets out to find the help and strength he needs to reclaim the throne. During his search, he comes across Leon, whose interactions with the prince will forever change both of their fates.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three years have passed since the bombing of Hiroshima and Gen is now a fourth-grader. Hiroshima is still a ruin, and Gen must scrounge for scrap metal to help keep himself and his remaining family fed, but at least commerce has returned to the land. As his mother gradually grows ill from radiation sickness, Gen and Ryuta befriend a group of orphans led by a tough-nosed older child and including a girl who still bears ugly burn scars from the day of the bomb. An old man suffering from depression is also drawn into the group as they come together to support each other and form a makeshift family. Reality is still harsh, however, as many orphans still die lonely deaths and the grim reminders of what happened linger everywhere.(Source: ANN)Hated by everyone around him, Sei Handa goes about his high school life regarded as an outcast—or at least that is what he believes. In reality, Handa is the most popular student on campus, revered by all for his incomparable calligraphy skills, good looks, and cool personality. However, due to an endless series of misunderstandings, Handa perceives the worship he receives from his legions of fans as bullying, leading the school's idol to shut himself off from the rest of his classmates.But distancing himself from his peers does not deter them from adoring him; in fact, his attempts at drawing attention away from himself often end up unintentionally converting even the most skeptical of students into believers. Fashion models, shut-in delinquents, obsessive fangirls, and more—none can stand against the brilliance that is Sei Handa.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During an Outdoor Activities Club meeting, Nadeshiko Kagamihara, Aoi Inuyama, and Chiaki Oogaki debate what it means to be a real Yamanashi native. Somewhere along the line, Chiaki brings up the Yamanashi Kids' Stamp Rally, which Nadeshiko has never heard of. The rally encourages one to visit famous places in the prefecture and collect stamps; those who complete the rally will win a year's worth of Minobu steamed buns. Enticed by the humongous food prize, Nadeshiko is set on participating.Follow the Outdoor Activities Club as they travel around the Yamanashi prefecture to collect stamps and explore what the region has to offer![Written by MAL Rewrite]Alternate version of the story featured in episode 64 of Hikaru no Go.The 6th season of Huyao Xiao HongniangIt's another regular day, with Houtarou Oreki sitting at home as usual; that is until his sister Tomoe ropes him into working as a lifeguard at the local swimming pool. Upon reaching the pool, Oreki coincidentally meets the other members of the Classics Club. Eru Chitanda notices that a white object that was on a woman's ear a while ago suddenly disappeared, which leaves her curious about the mystery behind it.Hyouka: Motsubeki Mono wa features Oreki and the rest of the Classics Club as they have fun at the pool and solve the mystery that has piqued Chitanda's curiosity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bucky, the protagonist of the history, is a normal boy that lives in the first world. He lives with a single and humble ambition: to dominate the world (in the sense of the whole planet). He is very certain and he would certainly die to reach his dream. One day he meets with Spark, the Great Child of Primas (World One). Spark is known as the strongest Great Child of all of the worlds, and he is a successor's search. After finding Bucky and talk a little with him, Spark without apparent reason choose Bucky his successor. Bucky has just become a Great Child and to win the company of Jibaki, the spirit of the first world.(Source: Wikipedia)The protagonist of the story, Konoha Inoue, is a seemingly normal senior high 2nd year student. His high school life, other than a hinted incident 2 years ago, can be summed up as normal- if one can dismiss the secret fact that he used to be a female bestselling romance author. Due to that incident, however, he has now vowed never to write again.This continued on until he was forced to join the literary club by the literary club president, the 3rd year female student Amano Tooko, a beautiful girl who has a taste for eating literary works. Now he has been tasked with writing her snack every day after school.(Source: To Say Nothing of the Dog) After obtaining the Number One headband, which proclaims him to be the best of all warriors, Afro spends most of his days in peace, though his nightmare-filled nights are not so tranquil. His life crescendos into chaos once again when Jinno and Sio, his former friends from long ago, take the headband from him, as well as the remains of his father. Challenged by Sio to don the Number Two headband again and exact revenge on them for their actions, Afro embarks on another journey as the wearer of said headband—an item for which anyone would kill him.Afro Samurai: Resurrection follows Afro as he fights a second series of battles against all manner of foes, wading through the sea of corpses in his wake so that he may once again quench his never-ending thirst for revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Set in a continent divided into two commonwealths that have been engaged in war for hundreds of years, Allison and Will go on a mission to search "the treasure that will put an end to the war". Their hope is inherited to their daughter Lillia, who strives to thaw the torn nations into a united country. This anime encourages young generations to believe in a world without hatred or war regardless of nationalities and beliefs.(Source: Anime Network)Hidden in the backstreets of the Ginza district is Eden Hall, a lone bar operated by Ryuu Sasakura, the prodigy bartender who is said to mix the most incredible cocktails anyone has ever tasted. However, not just anyone can find Eden Hall; rather, it is Eden Hall that must find those who need it. Customers of varying backgrounds, each plagued with their own troubles, wander into this bar. Nevertheless, Ryuu always knows the ideal cocktail to console and guide each distraught soul.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Joe Carol Brane attempts to hire Dr. Black Jack on a breed of superhumans that have the strength, intellectual, athletic, and artistic skills with great excel in different fields, only to later find out that they start deteriorating after some period of time and causing an untimely death. Joe needs Dr. Black Jack's help on finding a cure. (Source: ANN)Under Nariyuki Yuiga's devoted tutelage, his classmates Rizu Ogata, Fumino Furuhashi, and Uruka Takemoto are finally pulling average test scores on their worst subjects. But time is ticking, and there is still a long way to go before the three geniuses of Ichinose Academy are ready for their upcoming university exams. Meanwhile, the girls still struggle to balance the pursuit of their dreams with their growing affections for their unsuspecting tutor.Joining them are Mafuyu Kirisu, a teacher with strong views about education and talent because of her past as a rising figure skater, and Asumi Kominami, a graduate from their school aiming to attend a national medical university. With these two additions, the group of six is livelier than ever before. Completely caught up in hilarious antics with his new friends, Yuiga finds that his last year of high school now includes a lot more than just going to class and studying.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 2032, seven years after the Second Great Kanto Earthquake decimated Tokyo. Now, the city is reborn as MegaTokyo, built from the labors of mechanical beasts known as "Boomers." Originally created to benefit humanity, the mysterious corporation known as Genom now produces Boomers with incredible destructive power as a new type of advanced weaponry, capable of disguising themselves as humans.The AD Police is a new special unit to counter the ever-increasing Boomer-related crimes. Overwhelmed by the sheer amount of crimes and disparity in strength, the AD Police poses little opposition to the Boomers. A mysterious vigilante force known as the Knight Sabers, wearing powersuits more advanced than the military, is the citizens' only hope for protection. Led by Sylia Stingray, Priscilla "Priss" Asagiri, Nene Romanova, and Linna Yamazaki, these beautiful girls take out any Boomer that steps out of line.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the year 2017, and Europe is being invaded by the forces of the Holy Britannian Empire. In an attempt to combat the opposition's overwhelming pressure and put an end to the massive casualties, the army forms a special unit called Wyvern, or W-0, composed of former Japanese citizens referred to as "Elevens." Recruited from ghettos, these young men and women pilot Knightmare frames—humanoid war machines—into dangerous operations where death awaits, hoping to make a name for themselves.When a European regiment attempting to recapture a crucial city is pinned down by the enemy, it's up to W-0 to bail them out. Among those selected for the rescue operation is Lieutenant Akito Hyuuga, known as "Hannibal's Ghost" due to his prowess on the battlefield. However, the supposed rescue mission becomes suicidal when, in an attempt to take out as many Britannians as possible, the commanding officer initiates the Knightmare's self-destruct sequence. In its aftermath, Akito finds that he is the last one standing…[Written by MAL Rewrite]Director's cut of episode 12 included with the BD/DVD box release. Contains about 15 minutes of new content. In the latter half of 21st century, humans leave the Earth and begin to live in space. In order to adapt to the environment in space and deal with the hostile aliens in Jupiter, genetically engineered children called "Princes" are artificially raised and trained to be pilots of armed robots "AHSMB (Advanced High Standard Multipurpose Battle Device). This is a story about one of the teenage "Princes," Hitachi O Izuru, who studies in an academic city Grandzehle.(Source: MAL News)An established discipline on par with conventional medical approaches, "vocal medicine" is the practice of using songs to treat health conditions and injuries. Young people around the world strive to master the art and become "healers" to help people through the power of their voices.Among the many healers in training is Kana Fujii, a naturally talented singer who was inspired to pursue the profession after a life-changing experience. Along with the driven Reimi Itsushiro and the easygoing Hibiki Morishima, Kana trains at Karasuma Phoniatric Clinic under the stern yet kind mentorship of Ria Karasuma.As they endeavor to achieve their dreams, Kana and her friends meet various colorful healers along the way, discovering that there is much more to vocal medicine than just diligent studying![Written by MAL Rewrite]The princess who's been held captive by the Demon Lord's army is scheduled to be executed by the Demon Lord's relentless torture!(Source: MU)"The word 'no' doesn't exist in a concierge's dictionary." That's just one of the demanding rules that Akino must abide by in her new job as a saleswoman at the elegant and expansive Hokkyoku Department Store. It's a very special store — the customers are all animals, and the most valued among them are of extinct species. Sea minks, laughing owls, Japanese wolves, even an enormous mammoth — that's Mr. Woolly, the celebrated sculptor whose works are showcased at the store. It's still a luxury retail space, though, and anxious Akino finds her hands full with the customers' challenging requests. These range from hard-to-find merchandise to more complicated matters of the heart. Can the inexperienced Akino fulfill their whims and meet their expectations? If she wants to keep her job, she'll have to succeed while under constant observation by the fussy floor manager Mr. Todo, a creepy consultant eager to downsize the staff, and the store's enigmatic president (who is not a penguin, by the way!).(Source: Fantasia Festival)From the south of the Arabian Peninsula, the great General Abraha and his mighty army trample their way north to the holy city of Mecca. Their demands are ruthless: Mecca's surrender, its people's enslavement, and the Kaaba's destruction. Despite advice to withdraw and save themselves, a few brave Meccan men remain to fight. Among them is Aws Ibn Jubair, a humble potter who abandoned a life of sin to dedicate himself to honor and faith.As the enemy troops approach in the dead of night, the vastly outnumbered Meccans work to raise morale. The night takes an unexpected shift with the reappearance of an atheist mercenary named Zurara—Aws' old accomplice who never went straight. Although Zurara joins only for food and pay, the intriguing tale of Aws' path to religion convinces him that Mecca is worth protecting. Bracing for the inevitable bloodbath, the two former friends reunite to defend the only land and faith that allow them to truly forgive themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The series focuses on 7 children and a sheep-like character. Together, they work together as a team and hang out together. They wear various fashion through the series. They also have different colored hair. Sandy, a girl who has a pet sheep-like character named Cloud and 6 other children, Jasmine, Lime, Basil, Clove, Nattsu, and Cinnamon, became friends, they become a news reporter team. Each episode has the children dressed in various clothes.(Source: ANN)Despite being around a decade older than her, Library Task Force (LTF) member Mikihisa Komaki has been friends with Marie Nakazawa, a girl from his neighborhood, ever since she was little. Their relationship perseveres through thick and thin, and when Marie suddenly develops a hearing impairment during her middle school days, Komaki is there to support her—often by selecting books for her enjoyment.But one fateful morning, Komaki finds himself arrested by the Media Betterment Committee, which charges him with invading the privacy of a minor due to the supposedly insensitive content of one of his recommended novels. Knowing that what awaits their friend at the "inquiry" is more akin to torture, the members of the LTF look for ways to save Komaki before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Heavens Library to Crimson Lord brings back Arata, Lilith, and the rest of the Trinity Seven to face off against the greatest enemy in the history of the Trinity Seven; Lilith's own father, who is revealed to be the strongest Demon Lord, challenges Arata who is now a Demon Lord candidate.(Source: Avex Pictures, edited)Arata is set to be expelled! The only way to save himself is to be taught more about the magic archives from the Trinity Seven themselves.In a dystopian future, detective Shinjuurou Yuuki—known by some as the "Defeated Detective"—solves mysteries throughout Tokyo. Aided by his odd associate Inga, Shinjuurou's insight and ingenuity in cracking cases, particularly homicides, lead to numerous mysteries solved and culprits caught. However, his partner seems to have some other, more sinister intentions for the people they catch, and the truth of the assistant's identity and motivation is shrouded in secrecy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shi Ye is a police inspector who has no such interests in things like love and romance. One day, Ye finds himself up against a crafty witch who offers peculiar solutions to love problems. Follow Shi Ye as he tries to solve the mystery of the Ultimate Love Bazaar and its peculiar owner.(Source: INKR)The Great Yan Empire exists in a world where respect can only be earned through strength. Within this Great Yan Empire, the four great clans have always stood above the rest. Among them, a particular incident in the Lin Clan resulted in the banishment of a certain individual who went on to start his own family, in hopes of one day being recognized again by the Lin Clan, and rejoining them…Hailing from a banished family of the Great Lin Clan, when Lin Dong was very young, he watched, powerless, as his talented father was easily crushed and crippled by the overwhelming genius of the great Lin Clan, Lin Langtian.With a despairing father, a heartbroken grandfather, and a suffering family, ever since that fateful day, Lin Dong has been driven by a deep purpose; to take revenge on the man who had taken everything and more from his family.Armed with nothing but willpower and determination, join Lin Dong as he unknowingly discovers a destiny greater than he could ever hope to imagine when he stumbles upon a mysterious stone talisman…(Source: Novel Updates)Third season of Xian Wang de Richang Shenghuo.Fourth season of Yao Shen Ji.The space traveling company, YAT, is thrown into the unknown realms of the outer space. At the same time, the group encounters the psychic, Maron, and scientist, Note. Subsequently, the two of them are attacked by the evil monarch, Ganon. Note was captured and taken away after suffering an attack from one of Ganon's followers, Baras. In order to rescue Note, the group had to use the instantaneous portable machine which Note invented so as to travel to Ganon's planet. However, no one knows where the planet is...(Source: ANN)Around 1800 years ago in China, the ruling power of the Han dynasty became weakened and the flames of war spread throughout the land. Liu Bei was a young, poor straw-mat seller from the countryside of Hebai Hsing. After pledging eternal brotherhood with the two heroes, Guan Yu and Zhang Fei, Liu began building his idea of a righteous kingdom that would aid citizens who suffered from persecution. (Source: AniDB)As the War continues, Amuro and the White Base crew must make their way toward the Earth Federation Headquarters, Jaburo. On their way they meet several new enemies and face off against impossible odds. They fight in Operation Odessa to relieve the Earth from the clutches of the Zeon forces.Lives are lost, new friendships are made, and discoveries at every corner. Amuro soon learns that he possesses the powers of the mysterious Newtypes.(Source: Otakufreakmk2)Cheerful teenager Ichika Usami has a passion for sweets that is inspired by her mother's baking. In celebration of her mother's return from overseas, she tries her hand at making a cake herself. She is interrupted when a dog-like fairy named Pekorin crashes into her kitchen. With Pekorin's help, Ichika successfully bakes her cake. Only then enters an imp named Gummy who bursts in and attempt to steal the cake's "kirakiraru", a magical power that gives sweets the ability to bring happiness.Though Ichika initially offers her cake to Gummy in order to protect Pekorin, the fairy helps her realize how important the treat is and the love it represents. As the kirakiraru within Ichika's cake grows, it changes into a set of trinkets that transforms her into Cure Whip, a hero known as a Pretty Cure. Using her newfound powers, she goes on to battle kirakiraru thieves whenever they appear. Ichika fights to protect Ichigozaka's sweets and finds colorful new allies along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ayumu Aikawa is a 16-year-old high school student who is tragically murdered while investigating a suspicious house. However, he soon awakens next to a strange armored girl called Eucliwood Hellscythe. She reveals herself to be a necromancer who has revived Ayumu, consequently turning him into a zombie! Now immortal, Ayumu sets out to hunt down his killer. One day, while searching in a cemetery, he encounters a boisterous young girl named Haruna, who is fighting a bear with a chainsaw while dressed as a magical girl. After she kills the beast, Haruna attempts to erase Ayumu's memories of her, but he instead absorbs her magic for himself. Stripped of her powers, Haruna now orders Ayumu to take up her role of hunting strange creatures known as "Megalo," monsters that roam the human world and terrorize the population.Kore wa Zombie Desu ka? follows the daily antics of the human-turned-zombie Ayumu as he begins his new, ludicrous life where the supernatural becomes the norm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third movie of Ghost in the Shell: Arise.Motoko and Batou work to try to stop a terrorist organization whose symbol is the Scylla. Meanwhile, Togusa investigates a murder of a man who possessed a prosthetic leg manufactured by the Mermaid's Leg corporation.(Source: Wikipedia)A Korean animation about a hen named Leafie who lives and works on an egg farm who dreams of freedom outside her cage. One day she fakes her own death to escape the farm.The villainous Dr. Hell has amassed an army of mechanical beasts in his secret hideaway, the island of Bardos located in the Aegean Sea. He is capable of controlling mechanized beasts with his cane, and instructs them to unleash devastating attacks. However, Dr. Hell doesn't do all the dirty work by himself; he has his loyal henchman Baron Ashura to carry out his devilish plans.There are also those that will see to it that evil does not prevail. Kouji Kabuto is the young and feisty teenager with a score to settle: his goal is avenging the murder of his grandfather by Dr. Hell. And he might just be able to pull it off, as he is the pilot of Mazinger Z, a mighty giant robot made out of an indestructible metal known as Super-Alloy Z.Mazinger Z boasts several powerful special attacks. By channeling Photonic Energy through its eyes, and unleashing the Koushiryoku Beam, it can cause great destruction. But things get really cool when Mazinger Z launches its Rocket Punch attack. Dr. Hell and his minions might have just found their match!Although Hyouma Kunato has begun to feel comfortable around Botan Nagatsuki and her family of tsukumogami—objects possessed by spirits called marebito—he has not forgotten about his main goal in life: revenge.Unbeknownst to Hyouma, while he is training in Kyoto under the supervision of the Kadomori family, the Bureau of Traditional Music, a group of three musical instrument tsukumogami, begins to enact its plan. The trio questions Botan's family about their intentions regarding Hyouma's presence near the person embodying the frontier between the human and marebito worlds. Soon after, the paper umbrella tsukumogami that Hyouma had been pursuing for years suddenly reappears and abducts Botan along with her university friends. Rushing to save the one he swore to protect, Hyouma might have to change his priorities if he wants to keep his promise to Botan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Musashi no Ken is the story of a boy named Musashi who aims to be the Kendo champion.  Part of the anime is him as a child, and part is of him as an adult.After being sent to investigate the alarming disappearance of four bloodline limit-wielding ninjas from different countries, Kakashi Hatake, Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, and Sai successfully discover their whereabouts and inform the Hokage. Unexpectedly, Tsunade's further arrangements fall apart when Hiruko—the mastermind behind the incident and also a former Konohagakure ninja obsessed with power—appears to announce that he has absorbed the missing ninjas' unique abilities. On the verge of becoming invincible, he seeks one more bloodline limit before starting an all-out war to take over the world.As Konohagakure's past connections with Hiruko raise suspicions among the nations about its involvement in the affair, Tsunade receives an ultimatum to solve the crisis. Left with no other choice, she decides to follow Kakashi's lead after he presents a daring yet salutary scheme—a proposal that could send him to certain death. However, Naruto opposes such a plan! Despite the Hokage's decision, he is determined to save his teacher's life, even if it means fighting friend and foe alike.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Much to her dismay, Moriko Morioka's computer has broken down. However, not all is lost as she remembers that Yuuta Sakurai is a computer geek, leading Morioka to seek his expertise. But when Sakurai visits to help build her a new computer, hilarity ensues.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to HMV, the DVD & Blu-ray volume 7 of Ookiku Furikabutte ~Natsu no Taikai Hen~ will include an unaired episode 12.5. Director Mizushima posted in his blog that the special was made because they couldn't put the original manga episodes happened between the episode 12 and 13 within the TV series.Blackmailed into playing a dating simulator set in a matriarchy, an ordinary man must put up with the unbearable and convoluted world until he clears the game. After countless days of grinding, he finally manages to beat it, but his hardcore gaming comes at a cost: extreme sleep deprivation and hunger.While heading out to the convenience store to solve one of these problems, the man tumbles down the stairs and falls unconscious, only to wake up to the worst possible realization—he has been reincarnated into the game as the mob character Leon Fou Bartfort. Now trapped in a world he despises, Leon must use his knowledge of the game to navigate through the plot safely and sustain himself in a society where the odds are heavily stacked against him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.Pandora Hearts DVD shorts.  Episode listAn ancient prophecy tells of a day when the titans of ice, lightning, and fire are disturbed. When this occurs, Lugia, the guardian of the sea, will rise up and restore harmony. Enchanted by the words of the prophecy, Gelardan, a Pokémon collector, sets out on his airship with a dreadful plan to capture Lugia by going after these three titans. After Gelardan makes his move, drastic climate change begins to take place, as terrible storms start popping up all over the globe. One such storm causes the ship carrying Pokémon trainers Satoshi, Kasumi, and Kenji to drift off course and land on Shamouti Island. Upon arriving, Satoshi is told of the ancient prophecy, and of his destiny as the chosen one who will help Lugia restore balance to the world. With the fate of the world in his hands, Satoshi must summon the courage to face the chaos that threatens to tear everything apart and stop Gelardan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kei Asai lives in the oceanside city of Sakurada—a town where the inhabitants are born with strange abilities. On the school rooftop one day, he meets Misora Haruki, an apathetic girl with the power to reset anything around her up to three days prior. While no one knows when she has reset, not even Haruki, Kei can retain everything before the reset thanks to his own ability: photographic memory. After they successfully help someone by combining their powers, they join the Service Club to aid others in their town.However, their club becomes involved with and begins completing missions for the mysterious Administration Bureau—an organization that focuses on managing the abilities in Sakurada and manipulating the town's events for their own ends. They may find out that there are more things at work in Sakurada than the machinations of the uncanny organization.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sugisaki Ken, through diligence and academic excellence, had successfully entered the paradise that is the Hekiyou Private Academy's Student Council. There, he boldly embarks on his plan to create his personal harem with the 4 girls who are the other council members, namely: The incredibly youthful president Sakurano Kurimu; The cool and kindly yet super-sadistic secretary Akaba Chizuru; Tomboyish and hot-blooded vice-president Shiina Minatsu; and The ephemerally beautiful yet complicated treasurer Shiina Mafuyu. While every day since then has been non-stop fun, Graduation Day now looms near. Could this spell the end of their carefree days?(Source: translated and adapted from official site by Cranston)Find out what happens when Yuji accidentally triggers a found Treasure Tool while it's pointed at Shana! Then, Yuji teams up with Wilhelmina to stalk their fiery friend—whose secrecy has become unsettling. Finally, in a two-part special, Shana tracks a Denizen's trail by sorting through a Torch's memories for clues. Her sleuth skills reveal a teenage girl's heartwarming last days and a predator with a serious identity crisis!(Source: FUNimation)After the break up of their old band, guitarist Yuki & drummer Santa decide to form a new one. They recruit bass player Towa, young guitarist Atsuro, and after much persuasion, vocalist Sakuya. Together they form Lucifer and they struggle to make it in the music business, and also to stay together. As well, they have to deal with personal issues, such as parental objections, and watching their old bands succeed ahead of them. Sakuya is the most troubled band member, as he has to deal with his tragic past, and his relationship with teenaged lyricist Aine.KHR: Mr. Rebokku no Ciao Ciao Interview is set of 3 DVD specials in which, Reborn, dressed as host interviews various characters selected by a wheel.Episode #1Features Reborn as Host, and Tsunayoshi, Gokudera and Xanxus as guests.Episode #2Features Reborn as Host, and Hibari, Belphegor and Dino as guests.Episode #3Features Reborn as Host, and, differently than before, four characters which are Byakuran, Mukuro, Squalo and Yamamoto.[Written by Katekyou Hitman Reborn! FC] Shinkurou Kurenai is a 16-year-old student by day and a dispute mediator by night. Though kind-hearted and patient, due to his tragic past, he has trained for years to live on. Now, despite his unimposing appearance, he is a strong martial artist, who also possesses a strange power.While taking various jobs for his employer, Benika Juuzawa, one assignment leads Shinkurou to live with Murasaki Kuhouin as her bodyguard. Murasaki is the seven-year-old daughter of a plutocratic family, who escaped her home under peculiar circumstances with Benika's help. Commoner life, in her eyes, seems bizarre. However, by interacting with her neighbors, she grows more accustomed to the daily routine, and rids herself of her snobbish behavior, gradually growing attached to Shinkurou.Though many details of the job remain unclear, Shinkurou still strives to protect the young lady. But to make things more complicated, he also lacks a crucial fact—what is the real threat against Murasaki?[Written by MAL Rewrite]An anime special shown prior to the μ's Final Love Live Live concert that took place in the Tokyo Dome on March 31st and April 1st 2016. In the episode, the members of μ's visit the school's new baby alpaca, and muse about their current selves.Episode 0 of Lupin III: Part 6 series.Ye Jiayao is a modern-day celebrity chef who loves traditional Chinese recipes and often experiments with them. However, when a food experiment goes wrong, she travels back in time to the ancient times, where she becomes the daughter of a magistrate with the name Ye Jin Xuan. When she wakes up she is suddenly kidnapped to Hei Fang Camp where she meets the leader of the bandits, Xia Chun Yu, the young master of the Jing An Marquis manor, who is actually an undercover agent for the king. He had infiltrated the Black Wind Fortress bandits to investigate a plot to overthrow the king. The two then get engaged in a fake marriage. Ye Jia Yao starts to win over hearts, including Xia Chun Yu's, with her superb cooking skills and modern street smarts.(Source: Wikipedia)The second season of Minami-Ke. It picks up where the first season left off, and just like the first season, it's about the daily lives of the three Minami sisters, Haruka, Kana and Chiaki, and their school friends.Doumu Shinjou is the 10-year-old son of a legendary deceased player of the Yomiuri Giants. From his father he inherited a love of baseball and an incredible talent for the sport, although both his mother and his older sister try to get him to give it up. However, before dying, his father had the time to teach him one last trick- a magic shot. After his mother gives him the glove his father used, Doumu makes that shot in a training session of the Giants and is contracted immediately. With the support of the veteran players of the team, the Giants become unbeatable at home- none of the main batters of the Japanese professional league can overcome his magic shot. However, away games are another matter, as Doumu is just allowed to play at home, in the Tokyo Dome in which his father was consecrated. New rivals, but also friends (such as Melody Norman, an American girl who disguises herself as a boy because women aren't allowed to play baseball), step up to bat along the way during Doumu's journey. The Giants seem to winning the fight to conquer the league- until the arrival of the mysterious Don Carlos, a Spanish ex-bullfighter who plays for the Hiroshima Toyo Carp, and seems to have a past with Doumu's father. Will Doumu succeed in giving the league to the Giants? (Source: Wikipedia, edited) There once existed a planet named Beal, until it was wiped out by the mysterious entity known as Gaizok. The few remaining survivors escaped to Earth and split into three families, named Jin, Kamie, and Kamikita respectively. While attempting to start a new life, the collectively known "Jin Family" prepared for the inevitable Gaizok invasion on Earth and its giant mechanical beasts known as "Mecha Boosts". In order to defend their new home, they have built three vehicles which when combined form the mighty Zambot 3. The Jin Family must not only defend against Gaizok attacks, but also harsh criticisms from the very people they protect, who blame the Jin Family for the invasion in the first place.(Source: AniDB)Nanba is the world's most formidable prison, built to incarcerate criminals who are too slippery to stay in ordinary confinement. The four inmates who occupy Cell 13 are particularly cunning on that behalf, having escaped every other prison with a perfect success rate. There is Juugo, a specialist in locks who has spent the majority of his life in prison; Uno, a gambler with great intuition; Nico, an otaku whose body reacts strangely to drugs; and Rock, a bruiser with a love for food. The daily shenanigans of the four prisoners always cause trouble for the building supervisor, Hajime Sugoroku, who desperately tries to prevent them from breaking out of Nanba.Nanbaka follows the comedic, sparkle-filled exploits of these prisoners and their guards. From three square meals a day to sports festivals, prison life in Nanba isn't actually that bad—and it is the closest these four have to a home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The main character, a cat named Nyatto, embarks upon a journey to save his sister's soul, which was ripped in two when Nyatto tried to save her from Death. She trails after him, brain-dead. They encounter many brilliant, mind-bending situations, beginning with a disturbing magic show.(Source: ANN)Nihon Animator Mihonichi is a collaborative series of standalone anime shorts with the support of various directors and studios. Aiming to expose new animators to a worldwide audience, these small works offer a glimpse into the future of the industry, featuring rising talents, cutting-edge techniques, and experimental aesthetic designs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Straw Hat Pirates, searching for the great passage "Grand Line", are in trouble when their food runs out! Luffy, searching for food on his own, finds a ship belonging to the pirate, Gally, and takes it over!! He lands at a nearby town...Luffy was attacked by a young girl, Silk, who mistook him for a member of the other pirate gang. As the two eat a meal, they tell their stories. Meanwhile, Gally and his band are burning with anger at Luffy, demanding payment from the town's defenseless citizens...!!(Source: Jumpland)A continuation of Onegai My Melody.The true end arc of Ore no Imouto. These four episodes branch out after the 11th episode of the main TV series and present an alternative version to the end of the TV series. These episodes contrast with the good end arc of the TV series, which was an original ending written for the anime, and instead closely follows the original story from the light novels.Episode 13 and 14 of Poputepipikku. The special has four versions shown on four different broadcasters: Tokyo MX (Blue Dragon ver.), Nico Nico Douga (Vermilion Bird ver.), Abema TV Anilive (White Tiger ver.) and Abema TV Pop Team Epic Channel (Black Tortoise ver.). Each version has a unique combination of seiyuus.(Source: AniDB)During the events of the original Rozen Maiden, after circling "yes" on a paper and agreeing to wind an unknown  "something," a traumatized Jun Sakurada fights alongside the lifelike dolls known as the Rozen Maidens. But what would have happened if Jun had circled "no"?Jun, having gotten over his school trauma from his younger days, spends his time attending college and working in a bookstore. However, he does not feel as though he belongs anywhere. One day, he finds a book containing instructions on how to make a Rozen Maiden. Mysteriously, when he arrives home that night, the second volume in the book series has been delivered to his house, along with some pieces of a doll. But as suddenly as they started arriving, the books stop coming, and Jun gets a notice that says that the books have ceased being published. With an incomplete doll in hand, and a message from his other self in another world, this Jun also finds his way into the world of the Rozen Maidens.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite leading a peaceful life as the princess of a subterraneous colony, teenage Patema longs to escape her cramped industrial confines and experience someplace different. While satiating her curiosity by exploring a region known as the "danger zone," she is startled by a cloaked figure and falls into the darkness of an abyss.Awakening with the sky below her feet and the ground hanging above, Patema finds herself clinging to a fence at the mercy of a seemingly reversed gravity. Although a nearby student named Age is able to rescue her, they are left wondering which of the two is actually upside down.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Sengoku period, the struggle for power and unification has brought endless bloodshed to the unstable Japan. Out of all the warring generals, Nobunaga Oda—the "Demon King of Owari"—has established himself as the strongest ruler. Friend or foe, he is determined to crush anyone who stands in his way of creating a tyrannical central government. The only two who dare rebel against Oda are the "One-eyed Dragon of Oshu" Masamune Date, and the distinguished but hot-blooded warrior of the Takeda clan, Yukimura Sanada. Though they share the goal of preventing Oda from unifying the domains, Masamune and Yukimura cannot see eye-to-eye. Equally skilled in combat, mutual admiration for one another causes these two feuding warriors to forge a fierce rivalry, thwarting any attempts to form a united front against the Demon King of Owari. With Oda's forces closing in on their respective territories, Masamune and Yukimura reluctantly learn to put aside their differences and fight together against the threatening usurpator.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Every episode is a stand-alone retelling of a different fairy or folk tale.  Not all of them are based on the fairy tales collected by the Brothers Grimm.OVAs bundled with volumes 42, 43 & 46 of the Aa! Megami-sama! manga. The Shi siblings have a lot on their plates, such as needing to stay frugal, passing their exams, and constantly dealing with each others' antics. Older brother Fen's frivolous demeanor often gets on his younger sister Miao's nerves, leading to physical but comedic altercations. Fortunately, their friends are always around to offer a helping hand.Kai Xin is Fen's well-meaning best friend who rivals Fen's absentmindedness but makes up for it with his athleticism. Miao, on the other hand, is often accompanied by her bubbly companion Miaomiao. The most recent addition to the group is Wan Sui, who is desperate to conceal his wealth but remains tirelessly loyal to his peers—sometimes roping his younger brother Xing into their excursions.Sometimes, the friends' roundabout means of problem-solving backfire. However, no predicament is going to prevent them from discovering how fun high school life can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Beelzebub specials included in the BD/DVD releases.Based on the book by Tony Wolf.The Fountain of Life is the source of all life forces in the Bosco World. Princess Apricot, who is supposed to become Queen of Fountainland-the Guardian of the Fountain of Life-is kidnapped by villains who aim to rule the Bosco World.If Princess Apricot can't take the queen's throne by the next solar eclipse, the Fountain of Life will dry up. The animals living in the forest of Bosco, including Frog, Otter and Tortoise, decide to help Princess and take her to Fountainland in order to protect their peaceful life in the Bosco World. So begins the journey in a balloon full of dreams, hope, adventures, and love!Source: Official Website)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Beautiful American Emily O'Hara offers the City Hunter (Ryo Saeba & Kaori Makimura) one million dollars to protect her from a man named Douglas. Ryo & Kaori take the job, but things are not quite what they seem. The real target just might be Ryo, but it's unclear who wants Saeba dead.(Source: ANN)Doraemon and Nobita were using special shoes that allows them to jump into the worlds of the books that they want. Nobita let Shizuka use those shoes to enter the world of the book that she wants. Shizuka got lost in one Nobita's Sinbad Legend of the Seven Seas book. After Nobita's mother burned all of his books, Doraemon and the others must find another way to save Shizuka.(Source: ANN)Doraemon: Nobita no Takarajima takes the well-known characters to the Caribbean Sea; Nobita is the captain of a ship and fights against his enemies. Shizuka is kidnapped and a storm prevents her persecution. When the adventurers finally find the mysterious Treasure Island, where they have taken Shizuka, they discover that it is something more than a common island.(Source: Official Website)One morning, Nobita learns about the mysterious happenings on the Moon, where he tells his classmates that it was the Moon Rabbit, but nobody believes him. He tries to prove by imitating the rabbits by making ricecakes and hits his teacher in the process, where he gets punished. When Nobita tells Doraemon about this, who relucantly takes out "Divergent View Badge" gadget and creates an atmosphere on the Moon. Using the animal clay, they creates Moonbit and returns to their home. Later, Nobita's mother tells him to bring Susuki grass for Moon Viewing Ceremony, where he sees a boy and calls him, but the boy suddenly disappeares. The next day, a new student named Luca arrives, and Nobita gets surprised to see that it is the same boy he had seen yesterday.(Source: Wikipedia) Under the scorching desert sun, a lonely girl called Éclair wanders, faithfully protecting the relic "Phoenix Stone" entrusted to her. Even though she hates magic, the power of the Stone brings her handcrafted plush toy to life. Finally graced with the warmth of friendship, Éclair names it Momon, and together, they commence their journey across Fiore, guided by the Stone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Year 7380 Star Calendar, Jingliu, the mara-stricken swordmaster of the Luofu, slashed her way out of Starskiff Haven, cutting through the Cloud Knights tasked to subdue her before vanishing in the mist of history.Year 8096 Star Calendar, a young soldier named Yanqing rose to fame from the tournament hosted by the Seat of Divine Foresight, and was conferred the rank of Cloud Knight Lieutenant."The years pass in a flash, cups of wine the only solace."A fleeting flash — thus is the speed of swift blades as the master and her student spar, and thus is the passage of the unceasing torrent of time.Just how long has it been?His duel with his master, centuries ago, still rippled like a memory from yesterday.But the few years between now and when he took in the boy as his student felt like a lifetime.Time gallops, swift as a stallion, sudden as a lightning strike, agonizing as a blade that runs him through. And yet, it feels like everything has always been the same.(Source: Youtube)Haruka Nanase has a love for water and a passion for swimming. In elementary school, he competed in and won a relay race with his three friends Rin Matsuoka, Nagisa Hazuki, and Makoto Tachibana. After claiming victory at the tournament, the four friends went their separate ways. Years later, they reunite as high school students; however, Rin couldn't care less about returning to the way things used to be. Not only does he attend a different school, but the sole thing important to him is proving that he is a better swimmer than Haruka.After the bitter reunion, Haruka, Nagisa, and Makoto decide to form the Iwatobi High School Swim Club, but they will need a fourth member if they hope to take part in the upcoming tournament. Enter Rei Ryuugazaki, a former member of the track team whom Nagisa recruits. As the time to compete draws near, the four develop a close bond while training intensely to come out on top and settle things between Haruka and Rin once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During the summer festival five years ago, two girls met at a mysterious tree and saw two glowing spheres. Now, these two girls--Saki Hyuuga, ace pitcher on the school softball team; and Mai Mishou, who prefers sketching over stargazing--are chosen by the spirits of flowers (Flappy) and birds (Choppy) to restore the Seven Fountains and save their worlds from Dark Autumn. Together, they are the NEW Pretty Cure.(Source: ANN)Shoutarou Hidari, a hard-boiled private investigator from the Narumi Detective Agency, lives for the sake of protecting the peace in the city of Fuuto alongside his inquisitive partner, Philip. One fine night, Shoutarou encounters a mysterious woman named Tokime, who is soon linked to several cases of homicide and theft. Shoutarou's investigation leads him to people using "Gaia Memories"—memory units similar to thumb drives holding vast amounts of data—to turn into formidable beasts called "Dopants." While the majority of Gaia users were put down by the detective team in the past, a number of them still remain, posing a great threat to public safety.Once more, Shoutarou and Philip, Gaia users on the side of justice, must fight as Kamen Rider W—the renowned hero safeguarding Fuuto—to eradicate the nest of villainous Dopants, all while uncovering Tokime's true identity and confronting the long-forgotten past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Figure skater Tazusa Sakurano is on the fast track to the Olympics. As a top contender, her chances rest on a single competition in Canada. However, during her program, she falls and hits her head on the ice, knocking her unconscious. At the same time, Canadian stunt pilot Pete Pumps goes down in a fiery blaze.After her devastating failure, Tazusa returns home to Japan, but she starts hearing a voice in her head. In reality, when Pete had arrived at the gates of heaven, he was denied access for his sins. Instead, he was told to wait 100 days and is now trapped in Tazusa's body! Unwilling to let this interrupt her life—even if her body is a bit crowded—Tazusa moves forward with skating, all while a pesky voice may just be able to help her achieve her dream.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Issei Hyoudou is your run-of-the-mill pervert who does nothing productive with his life, peeping on women and dreaming of having his own harem one day. Things seem to be looking up for Issei when a beautiful girl asks him out on a date, although she turns out to be a fallen angel who brutally kills him! However, he gets a second chance at life when beautiful senior student Rias Gremory, who is a top-class devil, revives him as her servant, recruiting Issei into the ranks of the school's Occult Research club.Slowly adjusting to his new life, Issei must train and fight in order to survive in the violent world of angels and devils. Each new adventure leads to many hilarious (and risqué) moments with his new comrades, all the while keeping his new life a secret from his friends and family in High School DxD![Written by MAL Rewrite]Some of us are fortunate enough to have a partner to confide in on our bad days. In even the most devastating times, we can depend on our comrades for support. Others are incredibly lucky to have a special someone that they can just randomly embrace. No matter the situation, there always tends to be a close ally to help us get by.Honobono Log showcases the best and worst of couples and families, enticing romantic-comedy lovers with various relatable situations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The 7th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.According to the official website, episode 4.5 of of Ikoku Meiro no Croisée will be included in the third volume of the Blu-ray & DVD. The episode streamed for a limited time on ShowTime, the official online streaming site for Ikoku Meiro no Croisée.Takumi no Shitamachi KassenFollowing the end of the exhausting training camp, brothers Takumi and Isami Aldini spend their holiday sightseeing Tokyo Tower and its surroundings. While learning about the local culture and tasting various dishes, the two encounter Megumi Tadokoro, Ryouko Sakaki, and Yuuki Yoshino, who all happened to be touring the area as well. The group decides to have lunch together at a traditional Japanese restaurant—where an unexpected food duel is set to take place.Natsuyasumi no ErinaTootsuki students are hard at work experimenting with dishes for the Autumn Elections during the summer break; but for Erina Nakiri, her preparations for the event are already complete. Just as she dwells on what to do with her free time, she receives an invitation to the public pool from her cousin Alice. Despite her initial hesitation, Erina takes the opportunity to broaden her horizons and explore what this seemingly ordinary summer activity has to offer. Meanwhile, the members of the Polar Star Dormitory kick off a small party at a nearby lake to cool off and enjoy themselves before the Autumn Elections.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sakuragi and the Shohoku team takes on Oda and Takezono High School. This is Sakuragi's second match as he faces Oda, a basketball player who went to the same junior high.(Source: ANN)Ryouma Echizen and the Seishun Academy Boys' Tennis Team are invited to participate in an exhibition game aboard a luxury cruise ship by its owner, Hikomaro Sakurafubuki. When they arrive, the boys are shocked to discover that Ryouma's adopted older brother, Ryouga, is the captain of the opposing team. During their first games, Seishun easily crushes their opponents, garnering excitement from the cruise spectators. However, many strange things about the cruise begin to surface—from the restaurant's cheap sushi to a bathroom covered in marble wallpaper.Suspecting something is amiss, the team quickly finds out that Sakurafubuki is running an illegal gambling plot and that they must lose their next set of matches in order for him to win a large sum of money. Back on the first day, their opponents were told to purposefully lose in order to make the spectators bet heavily on Seishun's victory. If the middle schoolers do not comply, they risk losing their lives, as all of the employees on the ship are armed and working with Sakurafubuki, including Ryouga.Relying only on themselves, the team must put their skills and intellect together to outsmart the threat around them. As Seishun decides to fight for their lives, the two sons of Samurai Nanjiro go head-to-head to determine who is the superior player.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After finding Alice Margatroid's doll in the Scarlet Devil Mansion, Marisa Kirisame obliges herself to give it back to its rightful owner. However, in her search for Alice, she stumbles upon Hakugyokurou's gardener Youmu Konpaku and Eientei's moon rabbit Reisen Udongein Inaba fighting over a single watermelon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Famous racehorses that have left behind worthy legacies, unique as they can be, are reincarnated as horse girls in a parallel world. In this life, they start their journey anew as they continue to race and perhaps relive the success they once lived through.Aspiring to become the best racehorse in Japan, a horse girl named Special Week moves to Tokyo to enroll in the Tracen Academy—an institution that nurtures horse girls like her to become better racers. There, Special Week witnesses the sophisticated running style of Silence Suzuka and is inspired to become a racer like her. Shortly after, Special Week finds herself recruited into Silence Suzuka's team, Spica. From there, she begins her path to the top—one lap at a time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a young boy, Prince Oscar Lyeth Increatos Loz Farsas was cursed by the Witch of Silence, rendering it all but impossible for any woman to bear him a child. After 15 years of fruitlessly seeking a way to lift the spell, Oscar resorts to enlisting the help of a different witch. To this end, he heads to the Azure Tower, home of the Witch of the Azure Moon. Ascending the tower is no easy task; for decades, no one has overcome the array of traps, puzzles, and enemies designed to repulse any challengers. Oscar, however, easily climbs to the top, where he meets the fabled witch, Tinasha. To the prince's surprise, despite being hundreds of years old, Tinasha looks like a beautiful young woman in her late teens.Oscar explains his circumstances to the witch, who quickly perceives the true nature of his affliction. Though she claims that undoing the spell would be tremendously difficult, Tinasha proposes a workaround—to find Oscar a partner capable of withstanding the curse's effects.Realizing that such a woman is right in front of his eyes, Oscar boldly tells the witch to marry him. Though he is promptly rejected, the young prince refuses to back down, and the two eventually reach an agreement: Tinasha will leave the tower and live with Oscar for the next year. As the two continue searching for a way to lift Oscar's curse, word of Tinasha's emergence from isolation spreads, catching the attention of all sorts of old acquaintances.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaede is a cheerful and energetic eighth grader. When it comes to boys, however, she is hopelessly shy. One day, on her way home from school, Kaede walks into a mysterious shop and buys a colorful cocoa mug. When she reaches home, she casually peeks into the bottom of the mug and discovers an engraved note, which says, "If you read this message aloud while pouring hot cocoa into the mug, a love fairy ("muglox") will appear and grant your every wish." The skeptical but curious Kaede follows the directions and announces her wish to date Yuuki, the class heartthrob. Suddenly, the adorable blue Mirumo appears! We soon find out, however, that this cute little muglox would rather eat chocolate and create mischief than help Kaede. Mirumo, it seems, is prince of the muglox world. Horrified at the prospect of having to marry Rirumu, his princess bride-to-be, Mirumo has escaped the muglox world. Hot on his heels, however, are Rirumu, Yashichi the bounty hunter, and a cast of hundreds of muglox ranging from the good to the bad to the nutty. This gang of adorable troublemakers will see to it that school life for Kaede and her friends is never the same... (Source: mirmo-zibang) The second season of Xue Ying Ling Zhu.The five girls plus Coco, Nuts, and Milk all go to visit a castle-themed theme park, where they dress up as princes and princesses and go off to have a fun-filled day. However, Coco and Nuts end up kidnapped! The girls have to save them with the help of two inhabitants of the Mirror Country, Hidarin and Migirin,  by battling Shadow, an evil clown, and five girls who are also from the Mirror Country that look very familiar...Zoids—powerful animal-shaped combat mechs—are no longer used in warfare, but in organized sporting competitions. The Blitz Team, a group of pilots struggling to carve out a niche for themselves in the Zoid battling leagues, experience a stroke of luck when Bit Cloud, a vagrant junk dealer, wanders into their midst and proves himself capable of piloting the temperamental Liger Zero, a Zoid that refuses to let anyone else into its cockpit. Led by Bit and the Liger, the Blitz Team steadily make their way to the top—but along the way they attract the unwelcome attention of the Backdraft Group, an organization of Zoid pilots that operates outside the laws set down by the Zoid Battle Commission. The Backdraft want powerful Zoids to add to their ranks, and they have their eye on the Liger Zero...Thanks to Souma Yukihira, Erina Nakiri, and the rebel forces overthrowing the regime of Azami Nakiri—the previous school director—and the former Elite Ten, Tootsuki Culinary Academy is back in order. However, its students have one more great battle ahead of them: the BLUE, a competition where young chefs seeking world-class fame compete. Faced with new trials and rivals, Souma and his friends will fight to conquer the BLUE and to defeat Asahi Saiba, the leader of an underworld organization of chefs known as Noir, who once defeated Souma and his father in a Shokugeki.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Laia Einburg wants for her father Galia, who is a talented golom maker, and her equally ambitious brother Huey to end a long running feud. But her luck changes for the worse when Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent save Laia from a rampaging golem. (Source: ANN)On an archaelogical mission to the end of the known universe, Professor Daiba unwitting unleashes an ancient horror from its confines. Five years later the malevolent alien force sets in motion a plan which reunites the various crewmembers of the Arcadia to sail the stars once more as well as bring Tadashi Daiba to meet Harlock for the first time (again). (Source: ANN) Ray is a young wunderkind inventor living in Victorian England. His life is turned upside down when he receives a special package hailing from the United States, sent by his grandfather, Lloyd Steam. The package contains a device called a Steam Ball, a device so powerful that it can drive any machine that requires steam with a nearly limitless amount of energy.Ray is instructed to not let the Steam Ball fall into the wrong hands, which include the mighty O'Hara Foundation, who desperately want to bring the Steam Ball back into their control so they can achieve their less than noble goals.He will need to use every bit of his brilliance in order to dodge the countless goons that are sent to snatch the device from him. It will be a battle between good and evil, a battle for redemption, a battle for the future!Operation Victory Arrow is set in the period between the end of Operation Mars in the second television series and the 2012 Strike Witches movie. The three 30-minute short stories depict the lives of the members who returned to their respective homes.(Source: ANN)Masaki Fujiyoshi is a stay-at-home spouse and parent. He has fought long and hard with feelings of being a burden to his loving husband, Hiromu, due to his status as an omega—a secondary gender, allowing one to give birth regardless of if they are male or female— and the difficulty they faced to achieve this domesticity. When their son, Hikari, was born, the family moved to an area better suited for raising children.Hikari is now nearing his second birthday, and he and his parents are forging meaningful bonds with those around them. These include the beta college student living next door, Yuuki, to whom Hikari has become rather attached; Hiromu's friend from work Matsuo; and the mysterious single dad seen wandering around the park.Despite their newfound domestic bliss, the family's ties to their past are in tatters. There are people they left behind to pursue the creation of their happy family, and when they begin to return, Masaki and Hiromu aren't quite sure they have good intentions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After his recent battle in space, Tenchi Masaki believes that his fighting days are over. Unfortunately, his life is far from peaceful since Aeka Jurai Masaki and Ryouko Hakubi—the two women giving him the most grief—cannot seem to get along, continuing to fight over who gets to be Tenchi's lover. Since their usual romantic strategies fail, Aeka and Ryouko decide to research how to woo a man. After spending hours going through shoujo manga, the two decide to act like the girls they've read about and put Tenchi through various scenarios, with the hope that he will fall in love with one of them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episode included on the 4th volume of the Blu-ray of The IDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls: U149 featuring new idols.In the distant future, because of an interplanetary war that had continued on for centuries, civilizations were ruined. Human beings have lost everything, and only 1/5th of the population survived. A strange breed of humans, ''The Third'' is said to have appeared just after the war. They possess a third eye, as their name suggests, that appear as oval-shaped red pupils called "space eyes'' over their conventional two eyes. Using them, they can control computer systems and so on, and as such, rule the world by their superior power over technology.In this world, there is a young woman named Honoka; she is a "jack-of-all-trades" sellsword, and she accepts any job except murder. One day, she happens to find and rescue a young man named Ikus in the desert. Entering his world, and accepting a job from him, the adventure begins for Honoka and Ikus.(Source: BestAnime, modified)On November 23, 1957, the whole world witnessed the Federal Republic of Zirnitra's monumental achievement of sending the first live animal—a dog—to outer space. Since then, the space race between the confederacy and its competitor, the United Kingdom of Arnack, has intensified; the two countries hope to one day send humans to the cosmos above.As a dog's biology is inherently different from a human's anatomy, there is no way to perfectly identify the risks involving space travel and its effects on an individual's body without actually sending someone for observation. However, Zirnitra's government has a potential solution: to experiment on vampires, whose biological similarity to humans is too significant to ignore.Despite being forcibly taken from her home in the mountains, vampire Irina Luminesk shows no resistance and is even willing to train as a test subject. Lev Leps, a former top candidate to become the first human cosmonaut, is designated to accompany Irina and act as her guide. Through their time together, Irina and Lev begin to develop a mutual love for outer space, bringing them closer together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of all 13 episodes of Vivy: Fluorite Eye's Song. Wang Ling is a high school student with a cool and carefree demeanor. Coming off as someone with a very low spiritual force, he actually possesses a power capable of destroying the world at a moment's notice. To mitigate the volatile force within him, his parents have resorted to using an amulet as a temporary solution. However, the amulet weakens over time and Wang Ling's emotions also accelerate its deterioration. Now with the amulet on the verge of breaking, Wang Ling and his father race against time in order to fix it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"I've been holding a few words back for a long time — I like you!""Beryl and Sapphire" is a popular manhua created by artist Ocarina. Here includes protagonists with the most random names in history  — the mild-mannered Beryl (Green) and the easily-embarrassed Sapphire (Blue). At times the closest of friends, at others the worst of enemies… In this donghua where each episode is set in a different world, how would they encounter each other time and again?? Only angst? Too painful! Nothing but fluff? Too sugary! Come watch B&S, the show where you'll never guess the ending…(Source: Guodong Subs)Second season of A Day Before Us.High school student Taiyou Asano has been socially inept ever since his family died in a car crash. The only person he can properly interact with is his childhood friend, Mutsumi Yozakura—the head of the world's strongest family of spies. Mutsumi's eldest brother, Kyouichirou Yozakura, has been overprotective of her ever since he once rendered her severely injured. His love for Mutsumi is lethal, and Taiyou is his next target. To survive, Taiyou must marry Mutsumi and become a member of the Yozakura family. Thrown headfirst into chaos, Taiyou begins his journey to become a powerful spy in order to protect his wife and uncover the dark secrets of his past and the Yozakura family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following his brave sacrifice in the war against Albion, Saito Hiraga is knighted and treated as an aristocrat, something that proves difficult for Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière. With their relationship no longer defined as the mighty Void mage and clueless familiar, she wonders what exactly this means for them.While venturing to a castle, Louise is ambushed by a powerful mage named Sheffield. Battling alone, the young mage nearly faces defeat until Saito makes his appearance. The mystical and unknown nature of Void magic seems to be at work in the battle, and Louise begins to believe in the possibility of another Void user. Moreover, she realizes that Saito's magical rune is fading, and so a new adventure begins as they search for the elf who revived Saito in the past. The relationship between former master and servant faces a new challenge as they work to restore the runes and redefine the bond which holds them together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kind-hearted Himuro-kun is unfortunate: when in deep concentration, stressed, or flustered, he involuntarily creates blizzard conditions for himself and anyone in his vicinity. During one such incident on the first day of his new job, Himuro-kun encounters the beautiful Fuyutsuki-san, who helps him break out of his nerve-induced ice. As it turns out, Fuyutsuki-san is his new coworker.At the office, the cool-headed Fuyutsuki-san offers simple and rational solutions to Himuro-kun's icy dilemmas—everything from helping him garden without freezing his plants to ensuring he does not melt during their tropical work retreat. Every time Fuyutsuki-san does something kind for him, the tempest of emotions he experiences inside embarrassingly manifests on the outside.As a result of the frequent snowstorms, Himuro-kun's feelings for Fuyutsuki-san are impossible to hide. Even though Fuyutsuki-san is unfamiliar with love, Himuro-kun remains determined to repay her kindness and warm her heart in any way he can.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A special unaired episode of Little Busters! sent to those who bought all 9 BD/DVD volumes of the anime. This episode includes the story about "Mask the Saitou."The OVA of Love Live! Nijigasaki Gakuen School Idol Doukoukai set to premiere in theaters in 2023.Rune Balot is weeping and trying to save both herself and a severely injured Oeufcoque from Shell's assassin Boiled. Luckily for her, Doctor Easter finally shows up in the Humpty Dumpty – a special militarized vehicle made for protecting those in Welfare cases if their lives are threatened. From there they go to Paradise, where the Scramble 09 technology (and Boiled's rebirth) was developed. All of the secrets of the past of Mardock City (and possibly its future) are revealed in this riveting second part of the Mardock Scramble series, upping the stakes and making Balot choose between justice for herself or peace within Paradise instead.(Source: the witch of theatregoing)After his grandmother Sachiko passes away, Hayato Kasukabe returns from Tokyo and inherits her cafe—Familia Café Terrace. He aims to demolish the cafe and convert it into a parking lot, only to discover that his grandmother had taken in five girls prior to her death.The girls—Ouka Makuzawa, Akane Hououji, Riho Tsukishima, Shiragiku Ono, and Ami Tsuruga—evidently shared a deep bond with Sachiko, and they naturally refuse to give up the place they call home. They convince Hayato to change his mind, albeit reluctantly. Through this encounter, Hayato eventually remembers his past with his grandmother as well as his love for the cafe.Now resolved to carry on his grandmother's legacy, Hayato enlists the girls to act as the "goddesses" that will ensure the preservation of this precious abode.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Another Detective Conan Magic File.Conan Edogawa and the rest of the gang are invited to Inspector Ninzaburou Shiratori's villa for a small gathering. The party's highlight is Shiratori's prized wine collection—including his most expensive vintage—and a bottle from it will be served for the evening. However, just as this wine is to be brought out, Shiratori finds the bottle smashed on the floor—and the culprit can only be among the 16 people present in the gathering.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Limited edition episodes included with pre-orders for the 13th and 18th light novel volumes.Patarillo! is set in a society much like ours in most ways, with one decided twist. The manga on which it is based is one of the much-read works produced for adolescent Japanese girls that features a healthy proportion of gay men and beautiful teenagers aka bishounen (beautiful boys). Most of the action takes place in Marinera, the land of eternal spring, located somewhere in the South Seas. The country is a major producer of diamonds; they provide much of the basis of conflict in the anime series. They come from one of the most prolific mines in the world, owned by the king of Marinera, the vertically challenged but horizontally endowed boy-king Patarillo himself. The International Diamond Syndicate - a huge semi- criminal organization/ secret society dedicated to taking over the world's entire diamond supply- wants that mine and will stop at nothing to get it. In the early episodes they send off a number of bishounen assassins to do in Patarillo, which necessitates his having a bodyguard, the English MI6 agent, Major Jack ('Bishounen-Killer') Bancoran. Bancoran's nickname doesn't mean he shoots bishounen in cold blood. The soubriquet comes from the fact that no male under the age of 17 can resist his sexual fascination. This, to Bancoran's eternal disgust, includes Patarillo himself. The action switches often from Marinera to MI6 headquarters in London (London seems to be an easy two hour's flight from the South Seas) or Bancoran's palatial condo in the suburbs of same. (MI6, be it noted, looks a lot like Fritz Lang's Metropolis, while Jack's 'apartment' bears a passing resemblance to Randolph Hearst's spread.) The action also goes into the past and future and out into space. Patarillo evidently gets around.(Source: aestheticism.com)A long time ago, the people of Camaron Palace found themselves on the brink of destruction. Fortunately, they escaped it when Sir Aaron, the True Guardian of Aura, saved them. He sacrificed himself to stop a war between kingdoms. From that day on, a tournament is held every year to commemorate his noble deed.Satoshi, a budding Pokémon trainer from Kanto, manages to win the latest tournament and is allowed to wield a staff said to have belonged to Sir Aaron himself. Lucario, the Aura Pokémon—who is also the servant of the True Guardian—emerges from the staff. However, remembering his last memory of his master abandoning him, Lucario runs away in confusion. Meanwhile, Pikachu, Satoshi's companion, is abruptly taken by a Pokémon named Mew to the legendary Tree of Beginning. Only Lucario knows the way there, but he is unwilling to trust humans after his master's betrayal. Even so, to save his partner, Satoshi and his companions must acquire all the help they need and travel to the Tree of Beginning, unfolding hidden truths from centuries ago.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sunao Moriyama finds a strange but cute creature that he names Potemayo. Potemayo starts following him everywhere, usually riding on top of his head. His discovery becomes the center of attention in his class at school. Soon after, a similar creature appears, and is named Guchuko by one of Sunao's classmates. However, Guchuko doesn't seem to be as good-natured as Potemayo.(Source: ANN)Love, Miki and Inori are on their way to a dance contest, but get lost on their way to Minato Mirai. Still looking for their way, they are attacked by a monster. When the three Fresh Precure girls start to fight it, other Precures show up to support them. They all have to combine their powers to win against this mighty enemy.In the distant future, humanity has explored beyond Earth and colonized both the inner and outer planets of the Solar System. In order to protect the colonies and maintain law and order in the solar system, the Earth Federation Government (EFG) was created. Soon, many settlers started to resent the EFG's and its sphere of influence, straining the relationship between the central government and the colonies.While a strained peace was being forged between Earth and the colonies, a race of non-human creatures known as Deathcula invaded the System. Without provocation, they attacked the colonies and killed many of the colonists. The EFG quickly realized that the Deathcula were technologically superior and their forces were hopelessly matched. In order to have a chance at survival, Dr. Charles Louvre developed a transformable starship known as the Bismarck.Knowing that an advanced team of specialists were required to operate the Bismarck, four individuals came together and were charged with keeping the outer colonies safe from further Deathcula attacks.(Source: Wikipedia)Like many hardworking members of the workforce, Kuroto Nakano is perpetually stressed out by his job. Still, since he lives alone, he must carry on to sustain himself. Little do humans like Kuroto know, this stress takes the form of darkness residing within a person's body and will bring one's life to ruin. Fox deities can see this darkness and have the duty to save people before it is too late. To help rid Kuroto of his stress,  Senko-san, an eight hundred-year-old foxgirl, volunteers to take care of him, and will do everything she can to ease the tension in his weary soul.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story takes place before WWII at a photo studio on top of a hill. Many people visit this studio to have their photos taken. One day, a couple comes, but the wife is so shy that she always lowers her head. The owner of the studio tries all kinds of tricks to get her to smile and eventually succeeds.One year later, the couple comes again, but this time they bring their daughter along. She always looks grumpy, and again, the owner has to try everything to get her to smile. Thus starts a long-running relationship between the girl and the owner, and time passes to years and then decades...(Source: MAL)The 13th episode of Shigofumi.In a world where humans can have their wish granted via the Goddess Help Hotline, a human, Keiichi Morisato, summons the Goddess Belldandy by accident and jokes that she should stay with him forever. Unfortunately for him, his "wish" is granted.Suddenly, Keiichi is now living with this gorgeous woman all alone, causing him to be kicked out of the all-male dormitory he was staying in. But soon, after they find lodging in a Buddhist temple, Keiichi and Belldandy's relationship begins to blossom. Although they are both awkward and rather uncomfortable with one another at first, what awaits these two strangers could turn out to be an unexpected romance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When they were little kids laughing and playing together, Izumi Norimoto and Kazusa Onodera were like siblings. But as their bodies matured into middle school, Kazusa began seeing him as something different; unfortunately for her, so did the other girls. Ostracized, Kazusa had no choice but to distance herself from him going into high school. After joining the literature club, however, she finds friends that keep her mind occupied. Known throughout the school for reading aloud sex scenes in literature novels, the club's reputation has kept all teachers from accepting the task of being their adviser.During a discussion about what they would put on their bucket list, one of the girls says one thing: sex. This single word sends ripples throughout the five girls, as the thought of sex begins taking over their daily lives. And, after walking in on Izumi during a very private moment, Kazusa is sent into a spiral of emotion that forces her to face her true feelings for him. Now, with their hearts racing and the literature club facing immediate disbandment, the five girls must work hard to keep both their sanities and their club alive.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short episode entitled "A Miracle Of Us Being Able To Meet Again", which can be also considered as "Aria the Natural" episode 0.Quiet bookworm of the Sailor Senshi Ami takes pride in her studies, but a rival naming himself "Mercurius" is suddenly outscoring her on the national exams. Combine this with a sudden love letter and a youma feeding on Ami's stress over the whole situation, and Sailor Mercury finds herself in a huge pinch. (Source: ANN)Completing every job with ruthless accuracy, Train Heartnet is an infamous assassin with no regard for human life. Donning the moniker "Black Cat" in the underground world, the elite killer works for the powerful secret organization known only as Chronos.One gloomy night, the blasé gunman stumbles upon Saya Minatsuki, an enigmatic bounty hunter, and soon develops an odd friendship with her. Influenced by Saya's positive outlook on life, Train begins to rethink his life. Deciding to abandon his role as the Black Cat, he instead opts to head down a virtuous path as an honest bounty hunter. However, Chronos—and particularly Creed Diskenth, Train's possessive underling—is not impressed with Train's sudden change of heart and vows to resort to extreme measures in order to bring back the emissary of bad luck.This assassin turned "stray cat" can only wander so far before the deafening sound of gunfire rings out.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the limited edition of Blu-ray/DVD of Boruto: Naruto the Movie.Marin is a typical junior high school girl with a sunny disposition and a loving adoptive family. Her life takes a drastic change when a mysterious mirage is seen in the sky above the entire earth. Killer androids called Monomakia descend to earth from the formation in the sky called Brigadoon and begin to hunt down little Marin. She discovers a blue bottle in a shrine as she seeks escape and from the bottle comes a protector, a sword carrying gun slinging alien called Melan Blue, together they must save the earth and deal with family crisis, school prejudice and the police and come to an understanding of Marins past and Melans unexplained mission, as well as learn to trust each other. Set in 1969 Japan with a colorful cast of friends and enemies.(Source: ANN)After conquering the galaxy, mankind has reached its apex and is now on a steady decline. The resources of the universe are diminishing, and around 500 billion humans begin to return home to Earth. Thus begins a war between the various factions of humans for control of the planet. Eventually, an authoritarian government known as the Gaia Sanction prevents the re-population of Earth.Captain Herlock was one of the Elite Wing who was tasked by the Gaia Sanction to defend the Earth. His fleet of ships was unstoppable under his command. However, the Gaia Sanction allows a diplomatic elite to immigrate to Earth, which angers Herlock. He goes rogue and fires upon the diplomats and the rest of his fleet. He decides to unleash dark matter on the planet to make it uninhabitable, but also becomes engulfed in it which immortalizes him.One hundred years have passed, and the legendary Captain Herlock is still at large, with only the Arcadia under his control. The Gaia Sanction continues with their plans for control over the Earth, while hiding its true state. But Captain Herlock is preparing for one final showdown with them, which will determine the fate of the world!Following the events of Cardcaptor Sakura Movie 2: The Sealed Card, Kero and Spinel share a plate of takoyaki (octopus balls). They get into a fight over who gets the last piece, and in the process send it flying out the window. They both chase the takoyaki, and each other, in a mighty effort to be the "takoyaki captor".(Source: ANN)A new episode of Carnival Phantasm released on the Type-moon Fes - 10th Anniversary Event - Blu-ray.Cinderella is the daughter of a wealthy duke who has remarried to provide her with a mother and sisters. When the Duke travels abroad, Cinderella discovers that her new family is anything but a family. With spoiled stepsisters and a harsh stepmother, Cindrella is forced to cook, clean and manage the household. Yet she remains cheerful, gentle and kind to her family, to her animal friends and to a mysterious boy, named Charles, who seems to have a connection with the prince of Emerald Castle. A whole new story on a classic fairytale.When Cinderella's cruel stepmother prevents her from attending the Royal Ball, she gets some unexpected help from the lovable mice Gus and Jaq, and from her Fairy Godmother.(Source: ANN)Skull, the evil leader of the terrorist organization known as Black Ghost, has nine powerful cyborgs under his control. But Dr. Isaac Gilmore, the Black Ghosts cybernetics scientist, decides to go rogue, helping the cyborgs turn against Skull and his evil organization.Black Ghost wishes to start the next major world war by flooding the market with weapons of mass destruction. It seems the nine brave cyborgs have their work cut out for them, as Black Ghost is determined to bring those nine cyborgs down.After Sakura Mizukami shows up at the Kazama household to ask for a favor, Kenji Kazama and his sister Noe end up unwillingly participating in a footrace at the local shrine. Intent on winning the prize—spring water that only appears once per year—Sakura recruited the Kazama siblings to guarantee her victory. But when Sakura's clubmates, Chitose Karasuyama and Roka Shibasaki, enter the race as well, the girls' competitive energy is unleashed and the contest immediately develops into an all out battle where no victor is certain. What's more, Noe, fed up with Sakura's constant teasing, has no interest in helping her win, and the battle rages not only on the field, but between the divided team members.[Written by MAL Rewrite]War(Date), resumes.The peaceful days of Itsuka Shidou returned without having to save the Spirits from the relentless battle days. But, the peaceful days were interrupted by the emergence of a mysterious sphere emitting spiritual wave――as well as a mysterious girl who showed herself at the same time. What is her purpose of keeping an eye on Shidou……? The mission that had been entrusted to Shidou under the tense situation was, “Date all of the Spirits, and make them fall in love?!”――With the fate of humanity at stake, the war(date) resumes!(Source: Date A Live Wiki)When Origami Tobiichi asks Shidou Itsuka out on a date, Shidou considers this his best opportunity to set the record straight and end their relationship. However, even with the help of the Ratatoskr crew, his attempts to break up with her fail; in fact, Origami gladly tolerates Shidou's humiliating requests and blunt comments! Shidou's unconventional mission incidentally complicates his relationship with Tooka Yatogami, and it seems that easing the tension is only possible by going on another date.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita and his friends embark on a quest to find an ideal land called Paradapia, similar to Thomas More's Utopia. Guided by Doraemon's futuristic gadgets and time-travel abilities, they uncover Paradapia's secrets and face challenges, including encounters with a bounty hunter named Marimba. The story revolves around their efforts to unravel the mysteries surrounding Paradapia, leading to a positive resolution and the anticipation of future adventures.As Goku investigates the destruction of the Southern Galaxy, Vegeta is taken to be King of the New Planet Vegeta, and to destroy the Legendary Super Saiyan, Broly.(Source: ANN)Episode 15 of Drifters shipped with the special version of the manga's sixth volume.Set in the 1920s, Haikara-san ga Tooru is the story of the high-spirited tomboy Benio and her relationship with a handsome half-German soldier named Shinobu. Benio is a very outgoing and athletic girl with firm ideas about being able to live her life as she wants to. When she first meets Shinobu, she dislikes him intensely, even though he manages to help her out of a series of embarrassing mishaps. She is therefore surprised when she finds out that she has been forced into an arranged marriage and that her husband-to-be is none other than Shinobu! The story then has many twists and turns, as Shinobu has to fight in the war, Benio has to wrangle with the idea of getting married, and getting along with her future in-laws and employer. Meanwhile, the great Kanto earthquake looms in the future...At the tender age of 14, high school student Naru Sekiya finds that she pales in comparison to the fairy tale princesses she adores so much, not to mention the ideal girl she wants to be in contrast to her peers. Her childhood friend Yaya Sasame is enjoying herself with her school rock band, while her other childhood friend Tami Nishimikado is a member of the student council. Desiring the strength to take the next step forward, Naru has wanted a magic key to open her timid heart since the start of high school.During one moonlit night, Naru encounters what she believes is a cute fairy standing atop a torii gate who shortly invites her to dance with her. The next day, she discovers that the "fairy" was not only just an ordinary girl, but also a transfer high school student from America! Excited to meet Naru again, Hana N. Fountainstand encourages her to help her start a club for yosakoi, a festive type of Japanese dance that Hana has been entranced by since childhood. Though initially terrified of Hana's enthusiasm and the thought of being seen dancing, Naru slowly finds herself immersed in the art of yosakoi and assisting her new friend achieve her dream—for the path for a maiden such as herself is at the mercy of the wind![Written by MAL Rewrite]A hundred years after catastrophic shifts in tectonic plates caused most of its area to submerge, Japan now thrives as a maritime nation. High functioning cities line the coasts of Japan, and well developed sea routes are defended by specialized naval ships. The marine industry is flourishing, and young girls are eager to join the Blue Mermaids—highly skilled women who devote their lives to protecting the seas.After some time apart, childhood friends Akeno Misaki and Moeka China are reunited at Yokosuka Girls' Marine High School. Here they are joined by others who share their dream of becoming Blue Mermaids. Soon, training exercises commence, with Akeno and Moeka being put in charge of their own ships and crew. Everything is progressing smoothly for Akeno as she settles into her role as captain and builds camaraderie between her fellow crew members aboard the Harekaze, a destroyer ship. However, unexpected engine and navigation failures soon leave their ship stranded and the crew in danger.High School Fleet follows the Harekaze's valiant crew as they navigate treacherous waters and other obstacles on their quest to become fully fledged Blue Mermaids.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Umaru Doma is a model student who has a hidden side: when she gets home each day, she puts on her hamster hoodie and turns into a sluggish otaku fond of junk food. As Umaru continues these daily antics, the friendship between her and her classmates—Nana Ebina, Kirie Motoba, and Sylphinford Tachibana—deepens, and more and more interesting events begin to unfold.Of course, these events give rise to numerous questions. What did Nana ask of Umaru's brother Taihei? Who is the mysterious girl with the diamond hairpin? And most important of all: why does this girl seem to know Umaru? These questions and more will be answered in Himouto! Umaru-chan R![Written by MAL Rewrite]Your favourite teddy bear. That model kit that took so long to complete. The picture book you used to read over and over again. The shining stone you found that day in the park. Where do all your childhood's treasures go when you grow up? In this story, we meet fantastic creatures that gather all these little objects that fall into oblivion as they are forgotten by their owners when they step into adulthood. These creatures sneak into our world from a different dimension, and unseen by humans, they take all the ditched and forgotten "treasures" into their world. Here, they use their booty to build their own city, a fairy tale-like place called... Oblivion Island!(Source: Production I.G)During a race, mountain bike (MTB) enthusiast Shou Yamato is mysteriously dragged into another world alongside his friends, Kakeru and Makoto. Soon, the group discovers that this world known as "X-Zone" revolves around Idaten battles—MTB races characterized by special courses, rules, and hidden powers lying dormant within the bikes. The only way to return home is to win and obtain the MTB emblems from the defeated challengers.Despite being perplexed and terrified of the bizarre world, Shou is surprisingly excited. He has the opportunity to compete with fellow MTB riders, make new friends and rivals, and also unearth the X-Zone's hidden truths that may dramatically change his fate. Shou and his friends must make it through an arduous journey, one rife with conspiracies against them, in order to safely return home together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since the death of his grandfather, Yasuji, Kousuke Kumagaya has grown distant from his close friend, Natsume Tonai. Having grown up together like siblings in the same apartment building, the two now find themselves at odds with one another due to Natsume's inability to let go of the past. This rift is further exacerbated by the news that their former complex will soon be demolished.Hearing about a ghost that is supposedly haunting the old complex, Kousuke's friends drag him into the demolition site to look around. When Kousuke finds that Natsume is also there, they get into an argument over an old camera that once belonged to Yasuji. This results in Natsume running off with it, but just as she is about to fall off the rooftop, a torrential downpour envelops the entire building, flooding the ground around it.The young children now find themselves drifting at sea with the apartment building acting as their ship. Unable to communicate with the rest of the world, Natsume and Kousuke must reconcile their differences if they want to stand a chance at finding their way home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Deunan, a young female warrior, and Briareos, a veteran cyborg-soldier, are both partners and lovers. As members of E.S.W.A.T., the elite special forces serving Olympus, they are deployed whenever trouble strikes. The two fighters find their partnership tested in a new way by the arrival of a new member to their ranks—an experimental Bioroid named Tereus.(Source: ANN)There is a rumor doing the rounds in Harajuku: somewhere in the back streets of Ura-Harajuku, a witch and her mysterious shop serve those whose wishes have gone unheard, giving them an opportunity to unlock their hearts' greatest desires.Believing this to be an ideal arrangement, the proud apprentice witch Nina strives to fulfill her customers' wishes while her power and influence grow accordingly. However, not all wishes are meant to come true—and not all of them lead to a happy ending. As Nina is compelled to peer deeper into the human psyche, she soon discovers the dark side of a witch's obligations, and her ambitions begin to clash with her wish to comfort the entire world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Bai Yao Pu.After emerging victorious from a brutal underground tournament, Baki Hanma continues on his path to defeat his father, Yuujirou, the strongest man in the world. However, he gets no time to rest when the tournament runner, Tokugawa Mitsunari, visits him at school. He reveals to Baki that five incredibly dangerous death row inmates from around the world—all skilled in martial arts—have simultaneously escaped confinement and are heading to Tokyo, each wishing to finally know the taste of defeat. Tokugawa warns that, due to his well-known strength, Baki is bound to encounter them sooner or later, and he will not be their only target.Adapting the first saga of the second manga series, Baki centers on the all-out war between the esteemed martial artists of Japan and those of the dark underground world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kojirou is the kendo instructor for Muroe High School and he's totally broke. But then an unexpected chance is given to him: his team must win against his senpai's team and the prize is: free meals for a whole year! Now, the only problem left... where to find girls skilled enough and willing to join the kendo team?Momoko Sakura is an elementary school student who likes popular idol Momoe Yamaguchi and mangas. She is often called "Chibi Maruko-chan" due to her young age and small size. She lives together with her parents, her grandparents and her elder sister in a little town. In school, she has many friends with whom she studies and plays together everyday, including her close pal, Tama-chan; the student committee members, Maruo-kun and Migiwa-san; and the B-class trio: 'little master' Hanawa-kun, Hamaji-Bu Taro and Sekiguchi-kun. This is a fun-loving and enjoyable anime that portrays the simple things in life.(Source: ANN)The Tsunashi couple is as lively and offbeat as ever. Hardcore otaku shut-in Hajime and workaholic office lady Kaoru still get themselves into hilarious situations thanks to both their own eccentric natures and the bizarre group of friends surrounding them.After learning about Kaoru's pregnancy, Hajime works harder than ever to become a good husband and a worthy father. Meanwhile, Kaoru reflects on their relationship and remembers all of the trials and tribulations that brought them closer. The two of them continue to put their best foot forward in their lives and their marriage—all for the sake of long-lasting, selfless love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In near-future Japan, Aya Okamura lives alone in an apartment away from her parents. Her mother has worked overseas ever since her childhood, so her aging father Kouji and their cat Mii-san are the only ones left in their family home. After a tiring day, Aya declines her father's invitation for dinner by lying that she is still at work. Yet that very night, she receives another call with sudden news that may bring this separated family closer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The movie is sort of a prequel to the entire series, it showed the life of Doraemon before traveling to the 20th century: How he was made, how he was partially broken, how he lost his ears, how he met the Nobi family and decides to return to the past to help Nobita.Episodes 18-21 of Fanren Xiu Xian Chuan.The story takes place in the future where war machines from evil mechanical alien empire Garufa finally reaches Earth. In order to protect earth, an Earth defense organization called GEAR (Guard Earth and Advanced Reconnaissance) is formed. GEAR has an ultimate weapon in a form of war mecha, GEAR Fighter Dendoh, which is piloted by two elementary school students, namely Kusanagi Hokuto and Izumo Ginga. Can the friendship between Hokuto and Ginga unleashed the full potential power of Dendoh in order to fight Garufa? (Source: AniDB)The gang is traveling along when they find a girl in need. Of course, they all can't resist going after her. This girl isn't all that she seems... her motive or her "humanity".... and soon the whole gang has Sanzo's past on their hands and one certain young boy who can keep a grudge for decades...(Source: ANN)In the Outside World, only a few people know of the hidden realm called Gensokyo. Two of those individuals are Maribel Hearn and Renko Usami—the sole members of the Secret Sealing Club. Together, they dedicate themselves to learning more about Gensokyo, ranging from the Genso-Lunar War thousands of years ago to the history of the Moriya Shrine. Whether it be small talk, in-depth discussions, or tracking people who may have connections to this mystical land, even the sky cannot limit their growing curiosity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra Stage - Act 1The "Emperor"—a racing group consisting of several Mitsubishi Lancer EVO drivers—has defeated every racing team they have come across in Gunma Prefecture. Now, they set their eyes on conquering Mount Usui and the legendary Impact Blue racing duo, who hold the record for the Usui Pass. In her blue Nissan SilEighty, Mako Satou and her navigator Sayuki rise to the challenge to defend their title. However, Mako's recent woes begin to affect her concentration. Sensing that her rhythm is off, Sayuki helps her out, but will she be able to resolve it before the decisive race?Extra Stage - Act 2Sayuki thinks Mako's life could improve if she had a boyfriend and sets her up with her "perfect match"—Miyahara from the Myogi NightKids. Though the relationship starts smoothly, Mako's past relationship haunts her once more. Faced with the possibility of giving up street racing entirely, Mako will have to choose between love and her dream of being a professional racer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In these earlier adventures of Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent, learn how the two rivals first met. In their first adventure, the two rivals meet and run into a vampire during a rescue mission. Next, Lina is hired to be the bodyguard of a rich man's daughter, Sirene. Lina is at first very enthusiastic about it at first, as she is being paid very well, but Sirene keeps spending all of Lina's first half of pay. (She gets the other half later) She puts together a fake kidnapping to teach Sirene a lesson, but when she really gets kidnapped, she must team up with Naga to save her. In the final episode, Lina and Naga find themselves on seperate sides in a fashion war. (Source: ANN)Sorceresses Lina Inverse and Naga the Serpent are enjoying a meal in a villiage when the residents suddenly retreat indoors and two armies - one of men and one of a young girl and a tribe of dragons. Although the ruler of the town originally tries to convince Lina that this is because of a dark legacy, in truth the dragon army is led by his daughter and their battles are over her allowance. Lina agrees to help the ruler while Naga joins his daughter, Marlene. (Source: ANN)The inhabitants of the village of Biaz, forced to labor in the serivce of the world-domination-happy Zein organization, hires Lina Inverse and Naga The Serpent to drive off the invaders. Lina and Naga agree, lured by stories of Elfin treasure sleeping below Biaz, only to get considerably more trouble -from the Zein and from the treasure - than they ever expected. (Source: ANN)In a future-based disaster-ridden city with an enormous gap between the rich and the poor, it is hard to tell which humans are walking around with cybernetic body parts. This makes Roy Revant's job as a renegade bounty hunter/bodyguard-for-hire even more difficult. When a young girl with unbeliveable strength rescues him from a particularly dangerous criminal, Roy realizes that perhaps help can be found in the strangest of places. Joining together with a few others, they engage in a battle to find out the truth behind the giant conglomerates that are supposedly serving mankind and making life better.Solty, an android who has lost her memory, has escaped and is being hunted by the RUC Security Bureau. She encounters the bounty hunter Roy and he adopts her as his daughter after being hired as a bodygaurd for Miranda.(Source: ANN)Ten years after the Bubble War, the dichotomy between the rich and the poor in the world becomes more prominent and Japan is no exception. The rich seek to satisfy their desires and derive pleasure for themselves, and Tokyo has materialized into such a city as a result. Saiga, once a war photographer, works for Hibara Ginza in the capitalist state of Tokyo. He infiltrates the Roppongi Club, a secretive base located in the red light district of the city, to collect information about them. However, he was caught in the process and brought forward to a girl called Kagura who was in the midst of a ritual. His contact with Kagura awakens his special ability: the power to make things explode when photographed. In order to unravel the mystery behind the Roppongi Club and Kagura, Saiga begins his solitary battle.Tom Sawyer is a young boy growing up along the Mississippi River in the mid 1800s. Along with his best friend Huckleberry Finn, he spends his days ditching school, fishing, climbing trees and having adventures.(Source: ANN)After surviving their most recent battle, the Attractors based at Fantasium Garden work to integrate their new members. It is not long, however, before both the Attractors and the Custos notice a mysterious string of murders that all share a connection with flowers. Realizing that the culprit must be an Attractor, the Custos move in to eliminate their target while Quon Mitsuchi plans to save them. Will Quon be able to save an Attractor that is also a serial murderer, or will he ultimately waver in his values?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In their continuing journey to find the feathers that are the fragments of Sakura's lost memory, Syaoran, Kurogane, Fai, and Sakura move through time and space with Mokona. Here, they visit the "Land of the Birdcage," a seemingly peaceful country where people and birds live together, each person having a bird companion. After a boy named Koruri confuses Syaoran and Sakura for "bodyguards" and attacks them, they learn that the king of the country possesses a mysterious power. Princess Tomoyo, Koruri, and the other oppressed citizens, having had their birds taken from them, live in hiding within the forest. In order to take back Sakura's feather, Syaoran and the others stand up against the scheming king.(Source: ANN)Second movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!.At the end of the Shang dynasty of ancient China, Emperor Shou defied the will of the Gods. He openly declared to lead the people and to resist against the gods.Zi Shou bravely fought against Tian Kui, but only received laughter from the gods watching from above. He was then killed by Tian (another greater god) and broke the Immortal Phoenix armor.Wu Geng then woke up in the body of Ah Gou and realized he has now a wife named Bai Cai...Nozomi and friends are back, their role as Precure far from over. The girls are given new powers by the mysterious Flora, who awaits their arrival in a place called the Cure Rose Garden. But to reach that garden of legend, they have to use a magical relic known as the Rose Pact. Problem is, our heroes don't know how to use the thing. This leads them to seek help from the four monarchs of Palmier's neighboring  countries. Not to make things too easy, dark forces are afoot once again. An evil organization, Eternal, is keen on adding the Rose Pact to its ever-growing collection of treasures. To make matters worse, the director of this dastardly museum seems to have a vested interest in the Cure Rose Garden. Fortunately, a new story brings with it new allies. Enter Syrup, the courier boy with a bad attitude. His desire to reach the Garden is pure, but who exactly is he? And for that matter, who's the new girl in town and why does she smell like roses?(Source: W-M)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Average high school student Kyou Sogoru is an avid swimmer living in beautiful Maihama City. He spends his days hanging out with friends, swimming, and playing video games. However, his normal life turns upside down when a beautiful and mysterious girl named Shizuno Misaki approaches him with a strange request—jump into their school's pool together.This fateful leap transports Kyou into a war-torn world where humans pilot impressive humanoid robots known as Zegas to fight against malicious aliens known as Gards-Orm. To spearhead this endeavor, humans have formed Cerebrum, a rebel organization working to prevent the Gards-Orm from eradicating humankind.As Kyou participates in combat operations, meets his fellow Zega pilots, and witnesses countless deaths, he begins to question the true nature of this world as well as his own life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is 199X A.D. In Kushiro, Hokkaido, three bodies of Dragonite appear. Possessing overwhelming destructive force, they attack the city. They also awaken the evil Jashin Drago from the holy seal he was trapped in. 200 years ago, Drago was trapped in the seal by a holy warrior with the tattooed mark of the Liger. Assuming that the warrior is dead, Drago and Empress Zara are free to conquer the Earth using their army of biomechanical beasts. Even the Japan Self-Defense Forces are no match for the Dragonites' awesome power. One of the people fleeing is the protagonist, a milquetoast 16 year old boy named Ken Taiga. Unbeknownst to the Dragonites, Ken realizes that he is the descendant of the Liger warrior! In a burst of anger, Ken's Liger birthmark appears, and he rises his palm into the air, shouting the henshin command, "LIGER!!!", which then covers him in demonic long-haired biomechanical armor. Ken transforms into Jushin Liger to fight the evil forces of the Dragonite! (Source: Wikipedia)DVD and BD-Box original animation shorts. Episodes 1 and 2 (DVD and BD) are short fairy tales of Cinderella and Snow White from Kurumi's telling, respectively.Episode 3 (BD only) is a stage performance of Romeo and Juliet by Kazehaya and Sawako with Chizuru, Ayane, Ryuu in the backstage and Miura as the announcer. As another round of preliminary tests approach for Keitaro, so does Christmas. And as the first Christmas of the millenium, there is a rumor that if one confesses his love on this special eve it will come true. Keitaro has decided what he needs to do on this Christmas eve, but being a retaker can he afford taking attention away from the tests on the same day...The Winter has begun in Hinata. X-mas is coming up. There are rumors about this special christmas eve: If someone is going to confess his love on this christmas eve, any wish will come true. Keitaro decides to confess his love to Naru. But he isn't the only one confessing on this christmas eve...(Source: ANN)At Fujisaki Girls Academy, student council president Natsuo Maki is the epitome of grace and perfection, admired by all the young girls who attend the school. One day, Riko Kurahashi walks into the student council room on an errand, only to discover Natsuo practicing her kissing techniques on a pillow, an act that is neither graceful nor elegant. Riko soon discovers that Natsuo desires more romance in her life, leading her to practice "romantic situations" in secret.Sympathizing with her, Riko agrees to help Natsuo with her love research. Named "Love Lab," the project practices the essentials of love and romance, such as bumping into each other "accidentally" and holding hands. Soon, the entire student council joins in on the fun in the Love Lab too! Through their research and real life encounters, what will they learn about romance?Weaving together funny characters and comedic situations, Love Lab builds a story of friendship and romance, while never missing a beat with the laughter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Goemon's wedding to Murasaki Inabe, daughter of a samurai clan's leader, is interrupted when the Fuma ninjas attack, kidnapping the bride-to-be and demanding her family's ancient treasure as ransom. Lupin, Jigen, Goemon and Fujiko work together once again to try to save Murasaki and get to the treasure before the Fuma can steal it. (Source: ANN)Fujiko Mine is on the run with Gene, a boy who knows the location of a stash of $500 million dollars that his deceased father embezzled from the company Godfrey Mining. The boy is targeted by Bincam, an assassin hired by Godfrey Mining with a mysterious ability that allows him to bend a person’s will.(Source: ANN)Anime about the funny lives of the Greek gods up on Mount Olympus. Polon is the naughty daughter of Apollo. With her little cherub friend Eros, she interferes in various comical ways as she tries to show that she is fit to be a goddess. Her activities often misfire, getting her in trouble with some deity or other and causing chaos for gods and humans. Feeling neglected by her godly parent, she often assists him in his woman-chasing in the hopes of getting a new mommy.The Straw Hat Crew arrives at the desert island of Alabasta to help Princess Nefertari Vivi stop the social unrest her country is facing. Behind the heated conflict is the Baroque Works pirate organization, which has been conspiring against the kingdom with the aim of stealing the secrets of an ancient mass destruction weapon. As the situation grows out of control, Monkey D. Luffy and Vivi must quell the revolution before the nation collapses entirely.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For many years, Ex-Marine Lieutenant Randolph and his troupe have put on a play aboard his ship. Having lost his family to pirates, Randolph wishes to put on plays that will give courage to those who have also lost their loved ones to pirates. Unfortunately, Randolph must retire soon, and he is now giving his last performance. Luffy and his crew come to see the play, and somehow manage to take part in it themselves. But from Randolph's past comes a vengeful subordinate with a diabolical plan who has finally become commander in order to capture Randolph. Luffy and his nakama now must prove to the people that not all pirates are scum, and protect Randolph's final farewell performance from the bitter commander. (aired after Episode 174)(Source: ANN)Amatsuyu "Jouro" Kisaragi is a completely average second-year high school student who has two dates over one weekend⁠—with the student council president Sakura "Cosmos" Akino on Saturday, then with his childhood friend Aoi "Himawari" Hinata on Sunday. Sadly for Jouro, both girls proclaim their love for his best friend Taiyou "Sun-chan" Ooga, the ace of the baseball team. Accepting each of their requests for advice and guidance, he is now responsible for helping the two girls win the heart of the same guy.Unbeknownst to his friends, Jouro's friendly and obtuse image is all but a ruse designed to cast himself as the clueless protagonist of a textbook romantic comedy. A schemer under his cheery facade, he makes the best of this unexpected turn of events with a new plan: get Sun-chan to fall for either Cosmos or Himawari and take the other as his own prize. But Jouro's last-ditch effort is threatened by the gloomy, four-eyed Sumireko "Pansy" Sanshokuin, who surprises Jouro with not only her knowledge of his secret personality but also a confession to the true self he hid for all this time.Stuck in this hilariously messy situation, each of the five students must navigate countless lies, traps, and misunderstandings to come out on top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A tranquil tale about two boys from very different upbringings. On one hand you have Kai, born as the son of a prostitute, who's been playing the abandoned piano in the forest near his home ever since he was young. And on the other you have Syuhei, practically breast-fed by the piano as the son of a family of prestigious pianists. Yet it is their common bond with the piano that eventually intertwines their paths in life.(Source: KEFI)Animations released on Pokémon Kids TV Japan YouTube channel.Episodes:#1: Zuruggu to Mimikkyu - Chase the Beans (ズルッグとミミッキュ), animated by Dandelion Animation Studio, released June 4, 2020.#2: Hero ni Naritai Yanchamu (ヒーローになりたいヤンチャム), animated by Pancakes, released May 5, 2021.#3: Yume no Tsubomi (ユメノツボミ), animated by Studio Colorido, released June 6, 2021.#4: Mattete ne! Koiking (まっててね！コイキング), animated by Studio Colorido, released July 2, 2021.#5: Pokapoka Magumaggu House (ぽかぽかマグマッグハウス), animated by Studio Colorido, released August 5, 2021.#6: Gengar ni Nacchatta!? (ゲンガーになっちゃった！？), animated by Studio Colorido, released September 10, 2021.#7: Fubuki no Natsu Yasumi (ふぶきのなつやすみ), animated by Mimoid, released October 8, 2021.#8: Purin no Uta (プリンのうた), animated by StudioGOONEYS, released December 28, 2021.The Black Order returns and decides to make its move against Mo Fan during the assessment for advancing to the main campus. To counteract them, Mo Fan trains using the Three Step Pagoda. Later, he is selected to be an exchange student at another university. The exchange program curriculum includes a team fight and a practical test, of which the latter takes place in a city filled with monsters. During all this, the deserters from the defense force put Mo Fan in a predicament, adding to the existing obstacles to his dream of becoming the strongest mage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the events of their trip to Okinawa, Saitama University graduate students Shinya Yukimura and Ayame Himuro have failed to obtain the data necessary to scientifically prove their love for each other. Unable to replicate the exact conditions of the trip, the two stubborn scientists decide to seek help from elsewhere in the university—the Biological Sciences department.Assisted by fellow graduate students and longtime couple Chris Floret and Suiu Fujiwara, Yukimura and Himuro begin to quantify their feelings by measuring their output of oxytocin in various romantic situations. The two scientists soon find that their feelings for each other are nothing compared to that of a mature couple. It is here that Chris poses a question to both Yukimura and Himuro: what will they do if their "affection" is proven not to be love after all?Desperate to find a scientific rationale for the discrepancy, Yukimura puts everything on the line to prove that their "love" is real.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Nicoletta was a little girl, her mother, Olga, abandoned her and ran off to Rome to remarry. Now, 15 years later and a young woman, she travels to Rome with the intention of ruining her mother's life. She tracks Olga down to a restaurant called Casetta dell'Orso, but the second Nicoletta steps through its door, everything changes. It's a peculiar place staffed entirely by mature gentlemen wearing spectacles, and like their clientele, she is helpless against their wise smiles and warm voices. Before Nicoletta realizes it, her plans for vengeance start to fade, and she's swept up in the sweet romance of everyday Italian life. (Source: Right Stuf) It has always been the aspiration of the Central Tanegashima High School Robotics Research Club to complete the GunPro1, a fully functioning giant robot. For years, the members of the club have contributed to its progress and it is now Akiho Senomiya's goal to finally make the dream of all the past club members become a reality. However, things are not as easy as they seem as the club lacks the funding for such a huge endeavor. Aside from that, the only other club member, Kaito Yashio, shows no interest in assisting his childhood friend and instead indulges in playing mecha-fighting games on his "PokeCom." As Kaito is in the middle of wasting his days, he receives an indecipherable message and hears a voice that seems to be drowned out by the noise of static. He searches for the source, only to realize that it came from Airi Yukifune, an AI which only exists within the augmented reality system accessible via the PokeCom. Robotic;Notes follows the story of Kaito as he discovers a peculiar report in Airi's database, one that would have disastrous consequences in the future.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A VHS only special episode. Also known as Episode 95.Gouki Zenjo, former right-hand man to Jin Habari and a survivor of the Kagutsu Incident, returns to work for SCEPTER 4, now under the command of Reisi Munakata, the new Blue King.(Source: TubiTV)In the year 2314 AD, the world is at peace. Thanks to the sacrifices of Celestial Being and its mobile suit pilots, the people of Earth experience a time of prosperity and unity, enjoying tranquil lives once thought impossible. Celestial Being, an organization once painted as villains by the Earth Sphere Federation, now exists in public perception as a group of heroes, celebrated in film and culture.When an extraterrestrial threat arrives on Earth, threatening the newly acquired calm stasis, Celestial Being springs back into action. Led by ace pilot Setsuna F. Seiei, the Gundam Meisters of the group battle the hostile alien forces, teaming up with old rivals to protect the human race from certain doom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 2039, helper androids are widespread as general purpose electronics.Keiichiro lost his family in a traffic accident and retired from his band. One day, he finds an android of an old model in a garbage dump. He takes her home, but after taking her to a repair shop he was told that she couldn't be repaired, so he plans to throw her away. The next day, Keiichiro finds her making breakfast for him. Thus begin the summer days of an android with no memories and a dreamless boy.It is the year 2100, and on the colonized Moon, a project is under way to explore new aspects of energy. Amami Kurau is the daughter of the chief scientist on the project, and on her 12th birthday, she accompanies her father to the lab to observe the experiments. Then something goes awry, and Kurau is struck by twin bolts of light. In the aftermath, her father is dismayed to find that his daughter is no longer his daughter. Rather, her body is now home to two energy entities with fantastic powers.(Source: ANN)While exploring ruins on Angel Island, a doctor finds a myserious newborn bird called Kyoro-chan. Together they form a bond and decide to travel the world together. Three years later when the Doctor and Kyoro-chan try to return to Angel Island they become shipwrecked from a storm. Kyoro-chan was able to make it safely to the island but the Doctor was nowhere to be found. Kyoro-chan prays for his safety and hope he returns as he now starts his new life on Angel Island.Shiratori Ryuushi is a young artist-in-training, about to start studying at a vocational school. Arriving at his new lodgings, Narutakisou, he finds himself the focus of attention for the collection of weirdos that inhabit the place. He also meets and falls for the landlady, Aoba Kozue, who seems to be both lovely and charming. However, Kozue is not what she seems to be... in fact, she's more.(Source: ANN)When Yumi Fukuzawa entered the Lillian Girls' Academy, a prestigious all-girls Catholic school in Tokyo, she never imagined she would catch the eye of beautiful and demure Sachiko Ogasawara, one of the school's most popular students. Now Sachiko has offered to be Yumi's soeur, her "sister" and guide for all her years at the academy. The whole idea has Yumi completely flustered—after all, they hardly know each other!The entire campus is abuzz with rumors about the two of them, but Yumi is conflicted over accepting Sachiko's offer. While she admires Sachiko, being her soeur would also mean constantly being at the center of the entire school's attention!(Source: RightStuf)A prelude to Marmalade Boy the TV series. Yuu remembers the day when his parents decided to divorce each other and remarry with another married couple. Troubled by the news, Yuu decides to take a walk, on which he spots a girl he falls in love with at first sight. He decides to follow this unaware girl and falls more in love with her. However he discovers who the girl really is...she's the daughter of his parents' new lovers. (Source: ANN)One windy day, Mei Kusakabe ventures outside to play despite the turbulent weather. But just as she is about to indulge in her caramel candy, a sudden whirlwind appears and begins to chase her! Retreating back into the house, Mei discovers that her pursuer is a young Nekobasu, and after deciding on a sweet truce, the two quickly become friends. The baby Nekobasu returns that evening and invites Mei to travel with him—marking the start of their exhilarating adventure in and around the bustling forest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The movie will focus on Ai Haibara's past and will reconstruct the Mystery Train arc from the television anime, which shows Haibara and Conan meeting for the first time. The movie will also include scenes from the Kurogane no Submarine (Black Iron Submarine) movie.(Source: MAL News)Yuuko is a shy middle school girl who has feelings for her childhood friend, the boy next door. When she finds out that her best friend also likes him, she is unsure what to do. The story explores the relationships between these three characters as they confront everyday junior high problems.(Source: ANN)Morimura Aiko is a junior high school student who is short for her age. Her father went on a yacht ten years ago and his whereabouts remained in obscurity. Her mother, a designer for hats, left for Paris, leaving Aiko in the care of her uncle, Mr Fujinami. Aiko had a pet dog, Papi, but it died in a car accident. Around the same time, another dog, Spank, appears before her. Having gone through so many unfortunate events in her life, Spank's presence begins to brighten up Aiko's life and put a smile on her face.(Source: ANN)The blade arts of the "Devil" tasked with striking down evils threatening a peaceful Edo! Heizou Hasegawa, upholding the role of chief officer protecting against crime and arson! In 1783, the heart of the Tenmei era, Hasegawa held the office of chief director of the department charged with sustaining safety in the region, suppressing the most vile of thieves and criminals, an individual largely feared, renowned as Devil Heizou...(Source: MAL News)"A treasure chest of unspoken courage is opened."The special is described as a collection of shorts, showing past instances of courage and personal growth by the cast of Ousama Ranking. (Source: Ranking of Kings Wiki)Although traumatized by witnessing the murder of his parents by one of the Choushuu, Ichimura Tetsunosuke's thirst for revenge lead him to desire strength. At the age of 15, Tetsunosuke approached the Shinsengumi, wanting to become one of its members. However, Tetsunosuke lacked the skill, mind and will to emotionlessly cut down whoever threatened peace and the Shinsengumi. Even with the support of his brother Tatsunosuke and his newfound friends of the Shinsengumi, little did Tetsunosuke know the blood and pain he would have to face being part of this historical group.The beautiful Alamos Town is home to a pair of century-old structures known as the Space-Time Towers, built by the architect Godey to play orchestral music in the area. The towers are also home to the Alamos Town Contest Hall, which is the next destination for Hikari, Satoshi, and Takeshi in their journey through the Sinnoh region. A woman named Alice and her partner Chimchar are happy to guide Satoshi and his friends through the town and its hallmarks.But the tour is suddenly interrupted when Alice's friend Tonio notices a wave of dimensional disturbances throughout the town—all of which is blamed on an ominous Pokémon named Darkrai. The space-time disturbances continue to intensify as two legendary Pokémon, the Temporal Pokémon Dialga and the Spatial Pokémon Palkia, appear to duel each other, isolating the town and everyone present in it from the world into another dimension!As he learns that this event was foreseen long ago, Tonio finds that his great-grandfather left behind a way to stop the dueling Pokémon. Will Satoshi and his friends be able to use this last resort to save Alamos Town from vaporizing between the dimensions?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Coult, the prince of the kingdom of Loon, is living a happy life with his father King Stephan and many retainers. He is cheerful, bright, tender-hearted, and gifted by the god Aganade. Coult’s mother Galatea (the daughter of Aganade) married King Stephan. However, Medusa, the daughter of the evil spirit, was envious of her happiness and turned her into a statue together with many villagers when Coult was still a baby. In order to save the other villagers, Stephan pledged allegiance to Medusa, and was forced to promise to make Coult do the same on his 8th birthday.When the day arrives, Coult declares that he will defeat Medusa and revive the people who were turned into statues. He sets out on a long journey to search for the daughter of the evil spirit.(Source: Nippon Animation)In a future where a massive disaster has devastated Earth, most of humanity has abandoned their physical bodies and relocated in digital form to DEVA, an advanced space station orbiting the ravaged planet. Free from the limitations of traditional existence, such as death and hunger, the inhabitants of this virtual reality reside in relative peace until Frontier Setter, a skilled hacker, infiltrates the system and spreads subversive messages to the populace.Labeled a threat to security by authorities, Frontier Setter is pursued by Angela Balzac, a dedicated member of DEVA's law enforcement. When the hacker's signal is traced to Earth, Angela takes on physical form, transferring her consciousness to a clone body and traveling to the world below in order to deal with the menace. On Earth, she is assisted by Dingo, a charismatic agent, and during her journey to uncover the mystery behind Frontier Setter, she gradually discovers startling realities about the wasteland some of humanity still refers to as home, as well as the paradise above.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Afraid that his life may end at any moment, Otto Suwen begins writing a diary documenting all of his experiences. Now part of Subaru Natsuki's eccentric band of colorful characters, the apprehensive merchant is certain that new dangers lie ahead in their mission at Sanctuary. But amid the rising tensions, there are still moments of respite and reflection, ripe with opportunities to make vivid memories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since ancient times, the citizens of Slantania have lived within a shroud of miasma, a force that brings forth monsters creating havoc around the world. When the kingdom's Order of Knights becomes incapable of containing the monsters, the Grand Magus summons a holy maiden—the legendary "Saint"—to obliterate the horrid creatures and restore peace.One evening, as Sei Takanashi returns home from a long day at work, a magical force pulls her into a foreign world. Upon her arrival to the kingdom of Slantania, she overhears that the Grand Magus inadvertently summoned two Saints—Sei and a brown-haired girl. Needing only one holy maiden, the prince declares the other girl as the Saint, leaving Sei to her own devices.Sei sets her sight on the Medicinal Flora Research Institute, an establishment known for its studies regarding herbs and potions. While indulging in her latest passion, Sei has a fateful encounter with the commander of the Third Order of Knights. But little does she know, her aptitude as a Saint will continue to exert its influence over her new life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Imagine living life as the vice president of the student council, passing the days eating snacks, playing games, and bonding with a harem of beautiful girls. This is exactly the kind of life that high school student Ken Sugisaki leads, or so he thinks!Usually, the officers of Hekiyou Academy's student council are elected by popular vote, but an additional position is granted to the student who scores the highest on the exams. Ken, who historically has had below average grades, worked hard to improve them to be accepted into the student council, with the ultimate goal of surrounding himself with girls who fawn over him.Unfortunately for the vice president, things do not go quite as planned. Not only do the ladies of the council continually rebuff his advances, they also prefer to focus on more important and "boring" activities, such as organizing school events and managing the other clubs. But a few minor hurdles like these won't stop Ken from chasing after his dreams, even if they seem a bit ridiculous.  [Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Youka is a young 13-year-old boy. One day, his Uncle, Kakusei, has him follow in his steps of martial arts and has him study the art of Zenshinkyou. After being mistreated, Youka runs away Zenshinkyou. He stumbles on a Forbidden Tomb where he finds a beautiful young woman, by the name of Shouryuujo. After a short time, Youka is eventually accepted by Shouryuujo to study the techniques of the Koboha under her, and thus begins their adventure through martial arts and love.(Source: ANN)When college student Keiichi Morisato dials the wrong number while ordering for some food at his dormitory, he accidentally gets connected to the Goddess Hotline and a beautiful goddess named Belldandy appears out of a mirror in front of him. After getting kicked out of the dorm, Keiichi and Belldandy move to an old shrine and soon afterwards, Belldandy's sisters Urd and Skuld move in. Ichirou Satou is an ordinary high school student who pretended that he was a hero by the name of "Maryuuin Kouga" back in middle school, which led to others frequently bullying him. Now that he has left this embarrassing phase behind, he does his best to avoid standing out and live a peaceful life, although he feels the world has become quite dull. But when he makes his way back to school one night to grab a textbook he left in class, he runs into a strange girl wearing a costume.This girl, Ryouko Satou, happens to be his classmate and is affected by the exact same condition that he once had, holding on to a delusion that she is someone else and dressing up to reflect this. The very next day, Ichirou is asked by his teacher to become friends with Ryouko, to which he adamantly refuses, unwilling to be reminded of his own history. When he sees that she is being bullied just as he once was, however, the boy makes it his responsibility to take care of her and break her free from that which what once plagued him—the perfect job for Maryuuin Kouga.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation of Sailor Stars with added narration.The story begins when high school student Kazuki Muto is killed one night saving a mysterious girl from a monster, only to wake up in his school dorm, believing it to have been a dream; however, he soon finds out that dream wasn't a dream at all when a giant serpentine monster attacks him and his sister. Tokiko Tsumura, the girl he saved, explains that the monster is a homunculus. Kazuki had been attacked and killed by it when he was rescuing her; however, she, feeling responsible for him, revived him by placing a Kakugane medallion in his chest, serving as a replacement heart.The Kakugane, as Tokiko explains, is an alchemical device that, when activated, takes a certain form based on the Kakugane's user, forming a unique Buso Renkin. The Buso Renkin is the only thing that can destroy a homunculus monster. Using this, Kazuki creates his own Buso Renkin (the "Sunlight Heart," a huge lance). Along with Tokiko and her own Buso Renkin (the "Valkyrie Skirt," an execution scythe), Kazuki joins the fight against the homunculi and their master.The first 33 episodes are a summary of the previous series. In the first new episodes a new character, Shingo Aoi, (playing in Italy) is introduced. After that the world cup begins, this time with extraordinary, new countries like Sweden, Thailand or Uzbekistan.(Source: ANN)Chi meets someone new at the park and tries to befriend him.A special episode focusing on the story of Merm4id and Rondo, including a new, joint performance by the two groups.When Jackie Rhodes, a british girl living in Kenya with her family, finds an ill animal called a Bushbaby, she adopts him, calls him Murphy and nurses him back to health. Murphy, Jackie, her family and their friends go on many adventures involving wild animals, poachers and more. But when Jackie's father is recalled to England, Jackie must leave her life in Africa behind. However, before she can go, Jackie, Murphy and Tembo, a friend of Jackie's father, go on one last adventure: they must cross the dangerous savannah to escape the poachers and corrupt police officers chasing them. Along the way, Jackie teaches the now domesticated Murphy to survive in the wild, so that, before she leaves, she can release him in his natural habitat.(Source: ANN)A powerful necromancer known as the Corpse God dies during a legendary battle, only to be reborn as Polka Shinoyama, a young boy in modern-day Tokyo. In the process of trying to adapt to his new physical body, he gets targeted by various groups that deal with the supernatural. Among them is Misaki Sakimiya, a high school girl who can see spirits and is out for his blood from the very moment they meet.Attempting to make sense of this situation where unknown parties want him dead, Polka eventually meets Takumi Kuruya, a contractor skilled in surveillance and hacking, and Lisa Kuraki, a crime boss operating out of Shinjuku. Alongside these—and other unexpected—allies, Polka braves danger to reveal the truth of his reincarnation and the fate awaiting the world he now lives in.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is sometime in the future, where a certain European city extends far underground, even secret, dark levels that have the key to the past. Ex-assassin Mihai has returned and is living with Kiri, who now runs a restaurant. Sword-wielding Naoto, Haine (white hair), a mysterious product of genetic engineering and his sometime partner Badou (eyepatch).(Source: ANN)While Nobita is sleeping, he suddenly feels the floor is trembling, like there would be an earthquake in his room. A little rabbit from an alternate universe named Chamii opens the door between the dimensions using a hammer and gets inside Nobita's room through the floor. Nobita waks up and Doraemon hears somebody steals food from the fridge in the kitchen. It is Chamii, who gets caught by Doraemon and Nobita. She shows them the passageway through Nobita's floor into the spaceship. After they enter the spaceship, they see the Koya Koya Planet. they meet a boy named Roppuru...Tokio and his father Amon go to the soccer country of Elevenia where they see a parade of the strongest soccer team of that country, the Winners. Amon challenges the team captain Leon to a soccer battle and, when Amon loses, Leon turns him into a miniature dragon. Tokio sees the fight and decides to challenge against Leon so that Amon can become human again.(Source: AnimeNFo)1. State Alchemists vs Seven HomunculiA 10 minute film featuring: Ed, Al, Mustang and many other members of the State doing battle with the deadly Homonculi in an alternate reality Amestris.2. Chibi Party (Enkai-hen)Short 6 minute Skit drawn in Super Deformed style where every character in the series (including bad guys) are celebrating an "After Party" of the Conqueror of Shambala movie.3. Kids (Kodomo-hen)Short 3 minute story which features Edward and his grandkids in present day 2005.(Source: ANN) In Kyokutei Bakin's classic Japanese epic novel Nansou Satomi Hakkenden, eight samurai serve the Satomi clan during Japan's tumultuous Sengoku (Warring States) era. The Edo-era samurai are the reincarnations of the spirits that Princess Fuse mothered with a dog named Yatsufusa. In Fuse Gansaku: Satomi Hakkenden, the female hunter Hamaji comes to her brother in order to hunt Fuse. Thus, the karmic cycle of retribution that began long ago with the Satomi family begins anew.(Source: ANN)The classic tale of Gegege no Kitaro told yet again.  The story is the usual in the Gegege no Kitaro series. Kitaro is a boy living in the Gegege Forest/Cemetery (lands where many Yokai roam) with his mostly dead father (who survives only in his eye), Sunakake Babaa, NekoMusume, and Konaki Jiji.  One difference between this Kitaro and all of the others that came before him, is that this one has brown hair instead of the standard grayish silver. Specials included with the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Girls & Panzer Movie. Arisu War! (愛里寿・ウォー！) takes place after the events of the movie and Akiyama Yukari no Sensha Kouza (秋山優花里の戦車講座) are another two standard Yukari tank corner explanation videos.In a world plagued with malicious ghosts, how is it possible to combat the existence of such evil spirits? The answer is to hire a "Ghost Sweeper"—a professional exorcist, whose duty is to exterminate any unwanted ghoul or poltergeist.When it comes to Ghost Sweepers, Reiko Mikami is considered to be a cut above the rest. After receiving an offer to examine a haunting near Jinkotsu Hot Spring, she sets off to put her skills to work. Accompanied by her assistants, the underpaid and perverted high school student Tadao Yokoshima and the friendly teenage ghost Kinu Himuro, GS Mikami details the wacky exploits and adventures of these three as they go about investigating paranormal activities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To encourage Nagi to swim and enjoy summer, Maria invites various friends to their Sanzenin family's private beach. While everyone is having fun, Nagi hesitates to wear swimsuits and come out because of her small breasts, and refuses to join...With the increasing need for Tokyo to expand as one of Japan's major cities, inevitable sacrifices must be made so that changes can take place. One of these sacrifices is that the room for nature and wildlife to flourish will decrease significantly over time. As this decline continues, many animal communities experience the brunt of urbanization. One such community known as the "Tanuki," a type of magical shape-shifting mammal, is caught up in a struggle to defend their beloved forest from being absorbed by the looming threat of an expanding Tokyo.As more and more Tanuki find themselves with nowhere to hide and territorial fights become increasingly regular amongst the different factions of the community, the elder Tanuki Oroku decides that something must be done. For the sake of their home as well as the safety of their future generations, the Tanuki unite as one with the hope that together they may be able to repel mankind's construction projects and scare them away from the forests using their shapeshifting abilities.But as they begin their first attempts at sabotage, the Tanuki soon realize the operation will be no easy task. Will they reclaim their forest as a united community, or will they be torn apart by a war against humanity, blinded by anger and pain after witnessing nature's destruction?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode adapted from the manga chapter "I Was Overwhelmed by Heroines."Seeking to find purpose in her life, Hisone Amakasu enlists in the Japan Air Self-Defense Force (JASDF) and is stationed at Gifu Airbase. During a visit to a part of the base she did not know existed, she stumbles upon the JASDF's largest secret: the Organic Transformed Flyer (OTF), a dragon that has the ability to camouflage itself as an aircraft. After being swallowed up and spit out by the OTF, her commanding officers inform her that this encounter means that she has been chosen to be the next in a long line of Dragon Pilots.Together with her fellow pilot cadets and "Maso-tan," her own OTF, Hisone must overcome her insecurities in order to discover her true potential as a Dragon Pilot and unravel the secrets behind the OTFs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Haruka Ozawa's sophomore year is getting seriously scary. One of her friends is possessed, another has committed suicide and Haruka could be the next one to flunk the still-breathing test. Her only way out of this potentially lethal dead end? Yakumo Saito, an enigmatic student born with a mysterious red eye that allows him to see and communicate with the dead. But the deceased don't always desist and some killers are more than ready to kill again to keep dead men from telling any more tales. That doesn't stop Haruka's knack for digging up buried secrets, and there's even more evidence of bodies being exhumed by both Yakumo's police contact and an investigative journalist with a newly made corpse in her closet! Can this pair of anything but normal paranormal detectives solve the ultimate dead case files or will they end up in cold storage themselves? (Source: Sentai Filmworks)Episodes 4-6 of the Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - The Beyond series. Magano, a parallel realm filled with monsters known as "Kegare," is a place where exorcists deal with all impurities. Benio Adashino is a prodigy exorcist who is recognized for her strength and is summoned to Tokyo by the Exorcist Union. On her way, she plummets into the arms of Rokuro Enmadou, a young exorcist with a troubled past.But the impurities of Magano do not rest. When these two exorcists witness a couple of children stolen by a Kegare, Benio rushes to save them, dragging Rokuro along with her into Magano. Engaged in a fight she is on the verge of being defeated in, Benio is saved by Rokuro, revealing himself capable of being her rival in talent.Sousei no Onmyouji tells the story of two talented exorcists who are destined to become the "Twin Star Exorcists" and the prophesised parents of the Miko—the reincarnation of Abe no Seimei—who will cleanse the world of all impurities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Six months have passed since the victorious Battle of Britannia and the reclamation of Gallia from Neuroi invaders. Yoshika Miyafuji, member of the famed 501st Joint Fighter Wing, has come back home to Fuso and graduated from middle school.However, her fight is far from over. She receives a letter supposedly sent by her long-deceased father, containing blueprints of a state-of-the-art Striker Unit he had been working on before his death. The Unit, designed specifically for Yoshika, might be capable of harnessing her extraordinary magical powers.Meanwhile, a new threat in Europe is rising. A Neuroi nest of an unprecedented size and might has appeared over Venezia, wiping out local Witch forces and instantly swallowing the northern part of the country. To make matters worse, a newly spotted humanoid type of Neuroi is attempting to come into contact with humans.Yoshika, incapable of abandoning her friends on the front lines, must once again venture to the war-torn continent.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Tales of Zestiria the Cross. 1. Final Flight of the OsirisThe crew of the Osiris discover an army preparing to invade Zion. While one crew member races inside the Matrix to get the message to Zion, the others try desperately to buy her enough time while fighting off an onslaught of Sentinels they can't possibly defeat.2-3. The Second Renaissance Part 1 and 2Humans have created the ultimate AI, which is just as smart as they are. But complications arise when these robots and the humans try to exist peacefully, and eventually all-out war breaks out. The humans ultimately lose the war, and become trapped in the Matrix as seen in the live-action films.4. Kid's StoryA young man discovers that his world isn't real, that it's a computer-generated fantasy land created by robots using humans for energy. He escapes with the help of the hacker Neo. Based on the Matrix trilogy.5. ProgramCis and Duo engage in battle in a virtual recreation of Feudal Japan.6. World RecordWhile running the fastest race in his life, a champion track star breaks free of his computer-generated world for a small period of time. When he goes back to the real world, he has no memories and is placed in a nursing home. Based on the Matrix trilogy.7. BeyondWhile looking for her lost pet, a young woman meets up with some kids in Tokyo to play in a "haunted house," which is really a glitch in their computer world. Based on the Matrix trilogy.8. Detective StoryA detective named Ash is called upon by a mysterious organization to hunt down the notorious hacker Trinity.9. MatriculatedA group of scientists capture a robot and place it in a surreal fantasy world. When the robot's friends come in and kill most of the scientists; however, the robot and the last scientist remaining face isolation in the computer-generated world. Based on the Matrix trilogy.(Source: ANN)Former baseball player turned delinquent Taishi Fura accidentally witnesses the man-eating "ghoul" known as Lantern injuring his old friend and murdering another. Before the situation gets any worse, Fura's classmate Kishou Arima arrives―as he is actually an undercover investigator for the Commission of Counter Ghoul (CCG)―and forces the ghoul to flee.Seeking revenge for his friends, Fura joins forces with Arima to hunt down ghouls in the 13th Ward—ultimately aiming to bring down Lantern. Tokyo Ghoul: "Jack" unveils snippets of life in the past for the CCG's fearsome "Reaper," Arima, giving insight into how he spent his high school days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Five elementary school children are spending their summer break camping at a remote mountain village. While on a hunt for their missing rabbit, Pyon-kichi, they find an injured dog in a field with crop circles. After nursing the dog back to health, they are shocked when he suddenly speaks and introduces himself as Pochi Rickman—an alien researcher who has been on Earth researching its plant life.As thanks for saving his life, Pochi offers to take the children to the moon on a sightseeing trip. When they arrive, the group quickly discovers that the moon hides a vast alien metropolis which they begin to gleefully explore. Unfortunately, after hearing that Pochi was severely injured on his mission, the government of the moon issues a travel sanction on Earth, preventing the children from returning home. Left with no other choice, the group journeys around the galaxy in search of a way to safely return to Earth. Amidst their adventure, they are pursued by aliens affiliated with "The Space Show," the universe's most-watched production shrouded in mystery.[Written by MAL Rewrite]They're cute, adorable and three of the most powerful Espers the world has ever seen: Kaoru, the brash psychokinetic who can move objects with her mind; Shiho, the sarcastic and dark natured psychometric able to pick thoughts from people's minds and read the pasts of inanimate objects like a book; and Aoi, the most collected and rational of the three, who has the ability to teleport herself and the others at will. So what to do with these potential psychic monsters in the making? Enter B.A.B.E.L., the Base of Backing ESP Laboratory, where hopefully "The Children" and others like them can become part of the answer to an increasing wave of psychic evolution. It's a win-win solution... Unless you're Koichi Minamoto, the overworked young man stuck with the unenviable task of field commanding a team of three pre-teen girls! (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Sequel of Touken Ranbu: Hanamaru.The second season of Shixiong A Shixiong.Sweat Punch is a series of five Studio 4°C shorts collected as a direct-to-DVD package film entitled Deep Imagination.At Shirahamazaka High School, a special recital is held every year in which music students are able to showcase their talents in front of professionals and other prestigious guests. Third-year Konatsu Miyamoto desperately wants to sing in her last high school recital, but because she screwed up the year before, the vice principal has barred her from participating.That's when Konatsu comes up with a new plan to get involved; instead of joining the official choir, she'll form her own singing club with her friends! Unfortunately this proves to be harder than she imagined. Her friend Wakana Sakai has given up on singing, for one, and Konatsu needs more than just two members. With only a month left until the recital, will Konatsu be able to find enough members for her club and actually be ready to sing at one of the most important events of the school year and graduate without regrets?Following Armageddon, an apocalyptic war, mankind faces yet another menace: vampires. The continuous confrontations between the races have split the world into separate factions. The race of vampires, Methuselah, are affiliated with the New Human Empire; whereas the humans, deemed Terrans by the vampires, make up the Vatican Papal State. Furthermore, extremist groups like the Rosenkreuz Order strive to rekindle a war, despite the factions' attempts to avoid direct conflict.To combat terrorist organizations, the Vatican has implemented the AX unit. Led by Cardinal Caterina Sforza, the AX agents investigate vampire-related disturbances with hopes that the Terrans and the Methuselah will one day achieve peaceful coexistence. Amongst the AX unit is priest Abel Nightroad—a seemingly disoriented but gentle-hearted fellow who is a fierce vampire slayer on the battlefield. Joining the unit as his partner is agent Sister Esther Blanchett, a brave and gentle young nun troubled with a tragic past. As the two grow closer, they begin to uncover signs of malicious schemes and dark forces working in the shadows. But the path they walk is riddled with misfortune that might just force them to confront the memories that plague their hearts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Wei, Kanjian Erduo La!.The well-known special agent, Su Luo, was betrayed and killed. And before she knew it, she was reborn as the most useless Fourth Lady in Su Residence within Bi Luo Land. The public despised her and scorned her, and Lord Jin is the only person who's trying to pursue her. With the help of Lord Jin, Su Luo went to participate in a test in the Holy Temple. They realized that Su Luo is a rare talent. Numerous factions and people tried to stop Su Luo from growing stronger for their own benefit. And, her mysterious identity will be revealed soon.(Source: iQIYI)Yumehara Nozomi, a regular student, finds a magical book called the Dream Collet in the library and meets Coco and Nuts, two creatures from the Palmier Kingdom. They plead with Nozomi to restore their world, which has been destroyed by an organization called the Nightmares, by completing the Dream Collet and finding the 55 Pinkies to make any wish come true. Meanwhile, the Nightmares are moving into the real world. Once Nozomi agrees to help, Coco and Nuts transform her into the magical girl Cure Dream and turn four fellow students into her Pretty Cure team.(Source: ANN)Eizou Hakusho II actually consists of four separate volumes. Each volume focuses around one of the main characters; Yusuke, Kurama, Hiei, or Kuwabara. Each episode is basically recap about the specific character's involvement in the series.The beginning of each episode also contains a short music video about the specific character, with a song by its seiyuu.God has abandoned the world. As a result, life cannot end nor can new life be born, and the "dead" walk restlessly among the living. Granting one last miracle before turning away forever, God created "gravekeepers," mystical beings capable of putting the dead to rest through a proper burial. Ai, a cheerful but naïve young girl, serves as her village's gravekeeper in place of her late mother.One day, a man known as Hampnie Hambart, who is supposedly Ai's father, arrives and kills all the people in her village. Having lost her village and with no plans for the future, Ai decides to accompany the mysterious man on his journey. As she travels the land, the young gravekeeper strives to fulfill her duties, granting peace to the dead and assisting the living, while at the same time learning more about the world that God left in this tragic state.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Edo or Tokugawa period (1600–1868), Ran, a female wandering samurai whose skill with the katana is only matched by her taste for sake (rice wine), is joined by a chinese martial artist who calls herself Lady Meow of the Iron Cat Fist. Tsukikage Ran has individual episodes that are just short stories of their adventures.In a dystopian future, two friends dream of freedom... and gain more than they bargain for! Hothead Zed is on the run from the authorities, while his brainy pal Noah struggles with his own battered body. Both find a magical world that seems to offer escape and power undreamed of. Join Zed and his powerful, rebellious spirit Amir Gaul on their search for the ultimate power. It's a force that can save the world—or destroy life as we know it. This is the world of KIBA! Where you must harness the power within and fight with all you got!(Source: RightStuf)As the human race evolves, so does its technology. Engineers have successfully created robots dubbed "Labors" for mass distribution, utilized by society for a number of everyday tasks. However, there are criminals who manage to get their hands on these Labors, using them for their own nefarious means.To combat this new form of delinquency, police around the world begin using "Patrol Labors" or "Patlabors" to put a stop to Labor-related crimes. Rookie police officer Noa Izumi is drafted into a special Patlabor unit, getting her own mechanical suit to fight crime. Naming this machine Alphonse, Izumi works tirelessly alongside her peers to keep civilization safe from those who would use this advanced technology to harm others.As Izumi becomes further ingrained within her unit, she must also learn how to navigate both her social and professional spheres with grace and wit. She befriends the aloof Asuma Shinohara, fellow pilot Isao Oota, and the other members of her brigade as she helps them to combat conspiratorial plots, workplace revolts, and supernatural beings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On a school yachting trip, fifteen children of various ages are mysteriously transported to another world where dinosaurs still roam. While attempting to return home, they encounter talking dinosaurs, revolutionaries, pirates, a princess and primitive scientists. These unlikely allies help them escape from soldiers, bandits, vicious dinosaurs, and fanatical priests. Aggression between the two oldest boys leads to a split in ranks, and a sneaky double cross plot. Unlikely romances bloom in this tense atmosphere, and the group learns that each has strengths that can help them get home, if they work together. Loosely based on the book Deux ans De Vacances, by Jules Verne from 1888.(Source: ANN)In a small village, twins are born: a boy, Tatara, and a girl, Sarasa. The prophet Nagi declares that Tatara is the chosen one who will free Japan from the tyrannical rule of the King and his four sons. But when the ruthless Red King slays Tatara, Sarasa must take on her brother's name and responsibilities and embark on a quest to free Japan and deliver vengeance to the Red King. (Source: ANN)Lupin & co. attempt to steal two face plates from millionare Michael Sizuki, thinking that they will lead to an ancient treasure when brought together. However, it soon becomes apparent that there is more behind the plates then meets the eye. (Source: ANN)This is the much-anticipated perfect vacation for everyone.On the luxurious spaceship, St. Freya, heading towards the moon, we believed we could enjoy this rare and relaxing journey to the fullest — or so we thought.Mysterious shadows, sudden weightlessness, disappearing items, glaringly faulty alibi...Is the culprit among us?(Source: Official Twitter account)Eight years after the events of Macross F, a mysterious phenomenon known as the Var Syndrome is gradually consuming the galaxy. It's up to a new generation of highly capable Valkyrie pilots to deal with this universal menace. And if they didn't have enough on their plate already, the Aerial Knights Valkyrie fighter team from the Kingdom of Wind have come to challenge the Delta Squadron.Kozuki Mai is an elementary student who wants to be a magician and perform in her family's "Magicarat" magical act; however, she is too young, and her magic skills are not very good. Then one day, she encounters a ball of light that was put into a stuffed doll of flying squirrel, bringing it to life and somehow giving her the power to turn in to the 18-year-old magician "Magical Emi." As Emi, Mai was able to join the magic act. But she must keep her identity a secret from her family and from her crush.In the Kingdom of Windbloom, Arika Yumemiya enrolls at Garderobe Academy to become an Otome—a virgin girl who is able to use a HiME (Highly-advanced Materializing Equipment) that bestows destructive abilities. Arika also wishes to find her mother who was a Meister Otome, an Otome of the highest rank responsible for being the personal bodyguard and super weapon of the specific nation they are assigned to.While attending the academy, Arika makes friends with Nina Wáng, a distinguished Otome student, and Mashiro Blan de Windbloom, the current princess of the kingdom. With them by her side, Arika quickly adjusts to the academy's environment as she spends her days eagerly training, navigating social relationships, and developing her skills as an Otome.However, Arika soon realizes that the process of becoming an Otome is fraught with dangers and unsavory political dealings. Bombarded with numerous personal dilemmas, Arika must make many sacrifices if she truly wishes to achieve her goals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series of specials included on the Maria-sama ga Miteru DVD releases.Ye Jiayao is a young and talented cook who dreams of becoming a renowned chef one day. As luck would have it, she's magically transported back in time to Imperial China, and in the body of an extremely useless girl. Ye Jiayao is immediately kidnapped and held for ransom, but she manages to use her wits (and her sense of humor) to get whatever she wants.(Source: CBR)Second season of Mewkledreamy.By chance, Ryo has slipped from the 1980s into the future, and is trying to get back. In the interim, he's working for the police force of the future, solving cases by applying his unique and often comical approach.(Source: ANN)Yuno Gasai lives a normal life as a first-year in high school. She gets along well with her parents and even has a small circle of friends. However, she cannot help but feel as if someone is missing from her life, someone so important to her that it was as if she had lived another life trying desperately to stay with them.After a class trip to the beach, Yuno returns home; but in the middle of the night, she receives strange messages from a voice only she can hear. The voice informs her of the person she is desperate to meet and that she must find him. Soon, she finds herself in a mysterious realm, her only goal being reunited with the person she cannot remember. Though obstacles stand in her way, Yuno will stop at nothing to meet her beloved once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ajiyoshi Yoichi is a culinary prodigy who manages the eating house together with his mother. One day, Murata Genjiro appears in the eating house and is surprised at the delicious taste and delicate culinary skills of the katsu-don prepared by Youichi. Subsequently, Youichi is being invited to the Aji-oh Building in which he is involved in a spaghetti match with the in-house Italian chef, Marui. Youichi's novel culinary ideas, coupled with his enthusiasm of serving the best for his guests, allow him to defeat Marui in the match. From then on, Youichi begins to compete with other rivals in the race for the best tastes and dishes. (Source: ANN) A menace of huge monster-like insects is plaguing the land of Edo. Too powerful to be subdued by ordinary folks, the creatures are hunted by the Insect Magistrates—a group of warriors who specialize in various secret arts and combat styles. To bolster their strength, they summon Genjuurou Tsukishima, the master swordsman from the Tsugaru Province.Due to an unfortunate incident, however, Genjuurou is incapable of answering the call and sends his son, Jinbee, to serve in his stead. Determined to atone for the incident caused by his own cowardice, Jinbee agrees to travel to Edo and join the Insect Magistrates. Armed with his fiery spirit and unwavering resolve, Jinbee vows to become a stronger samurai and rid Edo of the insect threat once and for all.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A group of ninja is planning to revive a powerful demon, and once its spirit is reunited with its body, the world will be destroyed. The only way to prevent this from happening is for Shion, a shrine maiden, to seal it away for good.Naruto Uzumaki is tasked to guard her, but one thing stops Shion from accepting his help: she also has the ability to predict death—and she has foreseen his demise approaching soon. In order to escape his fate, Naruto must stay away from Shion; however, undeterred, he chooses to challenge the prophecy in order to protect Shion and the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At a young age, Nitaroh is stricken with an illness that leaves him blind. He inherits the shamisen once used by his mother and is taught its basics by a blind traveling shamisen player. In time, with the help of friends old and new, he walks the paths that leads to his ultimate fate—that of founder of the Tsugaru style of shamisen playing.(Source: ANN)On a sunny afternoon in her Paris apartment, assassin-for-hire Mireille Bouquet receives a strange email from Kirika Yuumura, a young student from Japan, inviting her to "make a pilgrimage to the past" together. Initially thinking the email is nonsense, she changes her mind when it begins playing a song that she recognizes from her youth.Upon first meeting each other in person, the two are suddenly ambushed by gun-wielding men. While Mireille is capable of fending off the assault, she discovers that Kirika is quite adept in combat situations after she takes out several gunmen on her own. Despite her proficiency at killing, Kirika laments her inability to feel remorse for her victims. In addition, Kirika apparently has no memory of how she came to acquire the skills she possesses or even of her real identity.Sensing shared history between them, Mireille agrees to team up with Kirika, and together, they embark on a journey to uncover the mysteries of their pasts. Operating under the codename "Noir," the duo's fragile alliance is tested as they begin accepting jobs, each one bringing them closer to the truth of who they really are.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the end of Satoshi's Hoenn journey, he travels to the Sinnoh region for his next adventure en route to becoming a Pokémon Master. Immediately upon arrival, Team Rocket makes another attempt to snatch Pikachu, only for it to fail once again. However, Pikachu has fallen deep into a forest and it's up to Satoshi to find him! Along the way, he reunites with Takeshi—a Pokémon breeder with whom he has traveled through many regions—and meets his soon-to-be rival, Shinji, a power-hungry trainer who cares little for his Pokémons' feelings.Still in search for Pikachu, Satoshi notices a powerful electric attack in the distance and heads toward it to find Pikachu with Team Rocket and Hikari—a novice trainer aiming to be the top Pokémon coordinator. After foiling Team Rocket's plans, Satoshi reunites with Pikachu and Hikari joins the group. And thus, Satoshi and his friends begin their journey through the exciting land of Sinnoh.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Deep within the Forest of Okoya, the Mythical Pokémon Zarude live in a troop and maintain a strict rule that forbids outsiders from entering their territory. Elsewhere in the jungle lives Koko, a human boy raised by a lone Zarude who left the troop. Koko has grown up never doubting that he is a Zarude. But one day, a chance meeting with Satoshi and Pikachu leaves Koko with his first human friend. Is he truly a Pokémon? Or is he, in fact, a human? When danger threatens the jungle, the bonds between Pokémon and human—and the love between parent and child—will be put to the test.(Source: Official site)Poputepipikku turns absurdist comedy up to eleven with its pop culture references and surreal hilarity. With two bonafide high school girl protagonists—the short and exceptionally quick to anger Popuko, and the tall and unshakably calm Pipimi—they throw genres against the wall and don't wait to see what sticks. Parody is interlaced with drama, action, crudeness, and the show's overarching goal—to become a real anime.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The adventure of Hepoi, a hero of heporis, Ryuuto, the prince of Dragonia, Miiya Miiya a fairy looks like a cat, and Bunzaemon, a merchant, to defeat Dracunes, the King of dark side castles.Taking place mere months after the Saber Marionette J OVA series, this newest installment in the Saber Marionette line follows the continuing adventures of Otaru and his clan of selfless, obsessive marionette girls. This time, the evil Faust is back, and again toying with Marionette technology that was never meant to be explored. The Saber Dolls are back, and torn between their newfound love for Otaru and their undying loyalty to Faust; Will Otaru, Lime, Cherry and Bloodberry be able to stop Faust again, or are they all headed for the scrap heap?(Source: AniDB)As Eishin Kuga—nicknamed "Mad Dog" for his unmistakable bloodlust—beats up his underlings, Yashiro watches and waits for his longtime friend to subdue him. Kanji Kageyama, an underground doctor, at last meets the young hothead whom Yashiro wants to recruit for his yakuza group. However, in light of Kuga's aversion toward Yashiro, Kageyama is ultimately left with the chore of temporarily housing him. But as Kageyama continues to insist that he has no interest in men, Kuga's shirtless presence, riotous attitude, and ceaseless teasing might just change his mind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A short 2 episodes attempt to conclude the series. Karasuma goes to America after the end of the third term. Will Harima finally confess? What will happen with Tenma and Karasuma?An OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the Seitokai Series Spinoff novel. The story itself takes place on Valentine's Day where you could see how the second season's heroines handle the awkward situation of giving a gift to the main character, Sugisaki Ken.Outrageous misadventures of an almost normal family with a housewife, her husband, and their two kids Yuusuke and Mikan. Wacky humor about this weird family's daily life.(Source: AniDB)Beginning his first year of high school, all Matsuboshi Raidou wants is to make friends—starting with the cute, tiny, and soft-spoken Reina Aharen, who sits right next to him in class. Unbeknownst to Raidou, Reina shares the same sentiment, but she has a problem. Awkward and timid, Reina is incapable of determining how chummy she has to be when approaching a person.Due to Reina's complete inability to gauge personal space, the two struggle to spark their unlikely friendship, as even the simplest tasks like talking seem impossible for them. But despite the countless yet pointless challenges that hinder the pair, the overly imaginative Raidou will do whatever it takes to befriend the indecipherable Reina.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unwilling to move to a different shrine and leave her friends behind, Kanna escapes in the dead of night with her loyal bodyguard Ryuuya and confidant Uraha. Knowing their pursuers are not far behind, the three embark on a journey to locate Kanna's mother, who Kanna yearns to see after many years of separation. Amid the tensions, the trio explores the world outside the confines of the palace—serving as a tranquil yet temporary distraction from what is to come.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years ago, Junichi Tachibana had a date on Christmas Eve but was stood up instead. Since then, he has had a hard time showing others his true feelings in fear of being rejected again. However, as luck would have it, Junichi may have a second chance at love when he meets several girls whom he becomes romantically interested in: Haruka Morishima, the energetic and popular upperclassman with a love for cute things; Kaoru Tanamachi, his childhood friend who harbors secret feelings for him; Sae Nakata, the timid transfer student who is shy around men; Ai Nanasaki, a girl on the swim team who has a bad first impression of Junichi; Rihoko Sakurai, a childhood friend with a love for sweets; and Tsukasa Ayatsuji, a seemingly perfect class representative who has a hidden dark side. As Christmas Eve approaches, Junichi can only hope that this will be the year he will finally spend the holidays with the one he truly loves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]GOSHO collection reveals the origin of the smash hit "Detective Conan." "GO" into his world, and we will "SHO" you SEVEN romantic and exciting stories created by GOSHO AOYAMA.WAIT FOR ME (30 min.)A genius inventor, who is still a high school student, has a girlfriend two years older than him. One day, he invents a time machine and attempts to go two years back into the past, to become the same age as her. However, it is she who ultimately uses the machine to travel through time!TEN PLANETS IN THE NIGHT SKY (10 minutes)Meet Baby Conan! Yukiko Kudo is looking for her missing husband. The only clue to find him again is to decipher a mysterious message left for her. Their baby, Shinichi Kudo, one who later becomes the famous high school Detective Conan, will at this age already be offering some important hints for her.THE WANDERING RED BUTTERFLY (7 minutes)A handsome detective, Yusaku Kitakata, receives phone calls from a mysterious woman day after day, with a new case each day. He of course solves them one by one. But the biggest mystery is who is this mysterious woman?PLAY IT AGAIN (30 minutes)Thanks to the mystical powers of a Cherry Blossom Tree, a 70-year-old man with a secret sword technique goes back into the past and becomes the same age as his granddaughter. While enjoying his youth for the second time around, he notices that a player is after his granddaughter.SANTA CLAUS IN SUMMER (30 minutes)Keisuke, a young man of 17, accidentally activates the Earth Destruction System. The destiny of the Earth now depends on whether he can stop the system within 24 hours. However, suddenly amnesia strikes him and he forgets the pin number to stop the system. The time is running out...DETECTIVE GEORGE’S SPECIAL CASE (30 minutes)A girl is fleeing from men in black. She runs into a detective agency and discovers that the detective there is a super-miniature-size, cool dude. He risks his life trying to solve a case for this client. Will they come through in the end?MAKING OF DETECTIVE CONAN (7 minutes)Do you know how to make animation? Everybody wants to see the workings of an animation studio. Based on the concept of Detective Conan, the three sub-characters visit the animation studio of Detective Conan. This episode will surely catch the hearts of Detective Conan fans! (The actual animation is also involved in this special.)(Source: TMS Entertainment, LTD)A recap of episodes 1-5 of Bakemonogatari. The delinquents of Ishiyama High School either fear Tatsumi Oga or wish to defeat him, but the young fighter finds himself preoccupied with other matters—like tending to baby Kaiser de Emperana "Beel" Beelzebub IV, the son of the Demon Lord.Baby Beel's maid, Hildegard "Hilda," informs Oga that the infant has latched onto him due to the former's immense strength. In turn, Oga must take responsibility and raise the Demon Lord's son, or face Hilda's blade—that is, unless he can find someone stronger than him to appeal to Beel. Perhaps Oga can convince one of the Tohoshinki, composed of the four strongest fighters of Ishiyama High, to take Beel off his hands![Written by MAL Rewrite]The two part finale of Buddy Complex television series deals with the final battle between the Free Treaty Alliance and the space division of Zogiria, lead by an elderly Bizon, as Earth and time itself hang in the balance.This is a special introductory episode of Detroit Metal City.All his life, Shiki has been surrounded by machines. At Granbell Kingdom, a long-abandoned amusement park, he is the only one of his kind around. That is, until Rebecca Bluegarden and her feline companion Happy arrive, unaware that they are Granbell's first visitors in one hundred years. Their goal is to make fun videos for their B-Cube channel, but what they find instead is a friend in the socially awkward Shiki.When Granbell becomes too dangerous for the three of them, they set off on an adventure through the Sakura Cosmos. They hope to make more interesting videos and even find the elusive goddess Mother, while Shiki wants to make more friends, spurred on by the words of his late grandfather. Of course, the journey will not be easy, as no one has seen Mother before, but Shiki is determined to reach his goal and explore the boundless reaches of space together with his new friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For more than four hundred years, the Takamimi Shrine has stood in Tokyo, enshrining the local goddess: Elda, a magical elf summoned from another world. The immortal elf has been served for 15 generations by the family who summoned her in the Edo period. Now, after Koito Koganei turns 16 years old, this responsibility falls onto her.Serving as Elda's shrine maiden, Koito must balance her responsibilities with her daily school life. This proves to be difficult because Elda is a total social recluse who loves video games, collecting toys, and eating snacks. In an effort to get the lazy shut-in to experience more of the outside world, Koito juggles her time between indulging Elda's various hobbies and getting her to interact with the rest of humanity. Along the way, Koito learns more about the history of the area and what makes the goddess so loved and spoiled by the locals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ritsuka Fujimaru—humanity's last master. It would not have been possible to restore humanity without him. However, he does have a shortcoming... he is far too honest! A slapstick comedy in which Fujimaru's simple questions sway the heroic spirits!(Source: MAL News)With reports of monsters terrorizing the reactor at Mount Nibel, the Shinra Electric Power Company dispatches their elite fighting force SOLDIER to investigate. Accompanied by fellow SOLDIER First Class Zack Fair and a small contingent of company guards, the war hero Sephiroth is to assess the condition of the Mako reactor at the behest of the company. In Nibelheim, the village that the reactor powers, Sephiroth discovers the source of the monsters and the origins of Shinra's legendary Jenova Project.Running through the woods months later, Zack is no longer the hero he once dreamt of becoming. He flees from the General Affairs Department of the Shinra Electric Power Company, better known as the Turks, who desperately seek to bury the evidence living within the two.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Honda is a skeleton, but more importantly, they are a bookseller. And they will tell you from firsthand experience that the job of a bookstore employee is more challenging than it may seem to the average customer.Alongside their equally eccentric coworkers, Honda constantly deals with the stressful requirements of the bookselling industry. From the drama of receiving new titles without their bonus material to the struggle of providing quality service to customers who speak a different language, the work of a skeleton bookseller never ends.Nevertheless, despite the hardships they face, Honda thoroughly enjoys their job and strives to bring the best book selections and service to their customers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Starting out with the new Galaxy Angel, Chitose Karasuma, the Angel Troupe continue their search for The Lost Technology while running into different kinds of mishaps.(Source: ANN)First-year high school student Fujimaki Shun has a dream of becoming an olympic gold medalist as a gymnast. Having no previous training, Shun trusts his passion, boldly joins the gymnastics club, and sets out to pursue his goal.Along the way, he meets his share of entertaining and supportive upper classmen, develops a romantic interest in his classmate, and learns about the happiness involved in devoting yourself to a sport.School clubs usually advertise their activities, but the goings-on of the GJ Club are a mystery. Kyouya "Kyoro" Shinomiya recently joined and became the sole male member of the five-person club.Besides Kyoro, there is Mao Amatsuka, the club president who has a tendency to bite Kyoro when she gets mad or bashful; Megumi Amatsuka, Mao's composed younger sister who always makes tea and desserts for the club's members; Shion Sumeragi, a demure chess prodigy; and Kirara Bernstein, a meat lover with a strong feline personality. All four girls have some form of interest in Kyoro.With the girls' idiosyncratic and cute personalities, Kyoro's time in GJ-bu will never be a dull one, for better or for worse.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Masahiro Setagawa is a hopeless teenager who is often used by the neighborhood bullies as an errand boy. Defenseless, Masahiro knows that nobody will ever save him. However, his life drastically changes when he meets Kousuke Ooshiba, a man known as the "Bear Killer," who takes down neighborhood gangs.A year later, Masahiro and his former friend, Kensuke Ooshiba, attend high school, only to find that Kousuke is their math teacher. While the three grow closer, Masahiro starts to view Kousuke as his "hero," and Kousuke develops an urging desire to protect Masahiro. However, their normal lives take a turn when Kensuke's childhood friend, Asaya Hasekura, returns, seeing Kensuke as more than just a friend, much to his surprise. Will the three boys be able to live a regular high school life? Or will forbidden love keep them apart forever?[Written by MAL Rewrite]World-class medical researcher Kanji Yakutani lost his little sister to a tumor years ago due to ineffective treatment. To honor her legacy, he has dedicated his research to developing new medications for such conditions. But as fate would have it, he overworks himself and passes away at the age of 31, only to be given a second chance at life in another world.When he wakes up, Kanji finds himself in the body of a 10-year-old boy named Falma de Médicis, the son of an esteemed family of medical practitioners in the Sain Fleuve Empire. Bearing the mark of a deity's divine blessing, Falma is capable of performing a unique divine art, allowing him to create and reduce any substance with the knowledge of its chemical properties.After reading through some pharmacology books, Falma realizes that this world is operating on similar medical practices as in ancient times. He also learns that medicine is an exclusive privilege to the nobility, depriving commoners of proper medical care. Using the knowledge from his past life and the divine abilities granted to him, Falma resolves to make medicine available to those who need it—irrespective of class.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of Aggressive Retsuko.Yukito Kunisaki is on a journey in search of the Winged Maiden who was bound to the sky centuries ago, after hearing an old childhood tale from his mother. As Yukito shows his puppet show to people in an attempt to make some money, he finds himself in a small town in which he did not expect to stay very long. However, when he meets an unusual girl named Misuzu, things take a drastic turn as he is invited to stay with her.By staying in the quaint town, Yukito soon becomes friends with the locals. As he gets to know them better, he learns of their problems and decides to help, putting his search for the Winged Maiden on hold. With his search on hold, and his growing attachment to Misuzu and the small town, will Yukito ever find the Winged Maiden, or is she closer than he thought?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Feeling slighted by Rin, Kuro goes on the hunt for a new master, but can he find anyone who can truly replace Rin?The Neighbor's Club—a club founded for the purpose of making friends, where misfortunate boys and girls with few friends live out their regrettable lives.Although Yozora Mikazuki faced a certain incident at the end of summer, the daily life of the Neighbor's Club goes on as usual. A strange nun, members of the student council and other new faces make an appearance, causing Kodaka Hasegawa's life to grow even busier.While they all enjoy going to the amusement park, playing games, celebrating birthdays, and challenging the "school festival"—a symbol of the school life normal people live—the relations amongst the members slowly begins to change...Let the next stage begin, on this unfortunate coming-of-age love comedy!!(Source: ANN)Ryouta Sakamoto is unemployed and lives with his mother, his only real achievement being that he is Japan's top player of the popular online video game Btooom! However, his peaceful life is about to change when he finds himself stranded on an island in the middle of nowhere, with a small green crystal embedded in his left hand and no memory of how he got there. To his shock, someone has decided to recreate the game he is so fond of in real life, with the stakes being life or death.Armed with a bag full of unique bombs known as "BIM," the players are tasked with killing seven of their fellow participants and taking their green crystals in order to return home. Initially condemning any form of violence, Ryouta is forced to fight when he realizes that many of the other players are not as welcoming as they may seem. Teaming up with Himiko, a fellow Btooom! player, they attempt to get off of the island together, coming closer and closer to the truth behind this contest of death.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Daichis are a family in danger of tearing itself apart. Dissatisfied and money obsessed mom Seiko has served wimpy and otaku dad Mamoru with divorce papers. Daughter Nozomi who has always been saddled with all the housework, feels pained that everyone is using her. The youngest albeit most foul mouthed, Dai is forced to watch all this as everything is going to pieces. However when the Galaxy Federation recruits the Daichis to combat alien threats to the wellbeing of the Earth, it will be a chance for the family to save the world and maybe themselves.(Source: ANN)Though they couldn't be any more different, love has managed to blossom between Hajime Tsunashi, a hardcore otaku who shuts himself in at home while making a living off his blog, and his wife Kaoru—a hard-working office lady who, in contrast, is fairly ordinary, albeit somewhat of a crazy drunk. As this unlikely couple discovers, love is much more than just a first kiss or a wedding; the years that come afterward in the journey of marriage brings with it many joys as well as challenges.Whether due to their quirky personalities or the peculiar people surrounding them, Hajime and Kaoru find themselves caught up in a variety of baffling and ridiculous antics. But despite the struggles they face, the love that ties them together spurs them to move forward and strive to become better people in order to bring their partner happiness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episode 13 of Denpa Onna to Seishun Otoko released on Blu-ray & DVD.The Chosen Children have been reunited with their Digimon partners, who no longer remember them due to the effects of a digital reset. While everyone tries to reconnect with their digital monsters, Sora Takenouchi encounters resistance from Piyomon, who stubbornly refuses to speak to her. Suddenly, an attack by a hostile Digimon separates the group, scattering them and their Digimon across the Digital World.Back in the human world, Daigo Nishijima of the Incorporated Administrative Agency receives a warning that a new entity is in pursuit of "Libra," which he believes to be an alias for Meicoomon. For some reason, Meicoomon retains all of her memories and therefore still recalls her partner Meiko Mochizuki, who has come alone to the Digital World to find her. If they hope to identify what other forces have been driving the incidents thus far, the Chosen Children must survive the obstacles of the recreated Digital World and make their way back home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The kids go on a space Mystery Train bound for a space theme park, when a race of alien virus strikes, wanting to take them as host bodies.Finding a treasure is always been so hard! But, nothing is ever impossible for Doraemon and his magic tool. And so, with the help of Doraemon, Nobita and the rest of the gang set sail on a ship to find treasure on an islands. However on their way to the island, the ships have almost been destroyed and resulting Nobita to stray on an island with a young pirate while Doraemon and the rest of the gang somehow involved in a war between pirates.And so, their adventure begins...After a mysterious inferno kills his family, Shirou is saved and adopted by Kiritsugu Emiya, who teaches him the ways of magic and justice.One night, years after Kiritsugu's death, Shirou is cleaning at school, when he finds himself caught in the middle of a deadly encounter between two superhumans known as Servants. During his attempt to escape, the boy is caught by one of the Servants and receives a life-threatening injury. Miraculously, he survives, but the same Servant returns to finish what he started. In desperation, Shirou summons a Servant of his own, a knight named Saber. The two must now participate in the Fifth Holy Grail War, a battle royale of seven Servants and the mages who summoned them, with the grand prize being none other than the omnipotent Holy Grail itself.Fate/stay night follows Shirou as he struggles to find the fine line between a hero and a killer, his ideals clashing with the harsh reality around him. Will the boy become a hero like his foster father, or die trying?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hajime Ichinose's ordinary life is in for a change when a transcendent being named J.J Robinson hands her a small book called NOTE—a device which transforms her into one of the Gatchaman, the legendary protectors of Tachikawa City. Stressing that the existence of their group must remain a secret, fellow Gatchaman Sugane Tachibana takes Hajime to their base of operations, where Paiman, the panda-like alien leader of the Gatchaman, reveals their purpose: to eliminate aliens that pose a danger to humanity. These existential threats, called MESS, are becoming increasingly dangerous, destroying everything they touch. Now it's up to the Gatchaman and their new recruit to stop them before the world is engulfed in chaos.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity.In the twenty-first century, gods and demons can no longer maintain equilibrium due to the rapid development of people in society. In an effort to restore proper order, the gods began to take care of the world, for which they will send a group of gods and monsters to the world to find the "key" to salvation. Su Moting is a girl with the personality of a "demon child". When her parents asked her to leave their house so that she could become independent, the girl meets the beautiful and charming god Tianjin and the mysterious demon cat Dukui. So begins the new hectic life of Su Moting.Three months have passed since the Demon King was defeated by a hero. Mankind rejoices over their victory, but dwellers of the demon world do not share the same sentiment. With the loss of their king, they must now hold a tournament to decide who will become his successor. Monitoring the competition is the hot-headed yet powerful Vamirio—one of the Four Heavenly Kings. Among all the participants, she is extremely distrustful of one: Helck, a human hero who claims to hate humanity. As much as she wants to get rid of him, it is impossible due to Helck's incredible strength and popularity. Amidst the competition, Vamirio discovers that humans have vanished from various towns. As a result of this puzzling turn of events, Vamirio grows desperate to reveal Helck's true intentions by carefully crafting a plan to make Helck lose. If she proves to be successful, she might uncover where his loyalty truly lies before the demon world is endangered.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Freshly graduating middle school, energetic 15-year-old Hiyori Suzumi moves from her coastal hometown to Tokyo, pursuing her dream of being a track and field runner. Unfortunately, as soon as her first high school year begins, she faces an imminent problem that ultimately causes her to find a part-time job to cover living costs.After searching through countless prospective workplaces, Hiyori stumbles upon a posting looking for event staff, to which she gets accepted against all odds. It is revealed that she will be working as a manager-in-training for LIPxLIP, a rising male idol group composed of Yuujirou Someya and Aizou Shibasaki—both of whom are coincidentally her classmates. Despite this shocking revelation, Hiyori is resolved to do her best with balancing her studies, her ambition, and most importantly, her role as LIPxLIP's attendant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's Halloween, and America decides to invite all the other countries to his party. Since there is a costume contest, the countries show up in a wide array of outfits, although it quickly becomes clear that some among them may have taken the competition a bit too seriously. But soon, the guests begin to wonder why America hasn't shown off his own costume. What could be the reason?[Written by MAL Rewrite]When regular salaryman Yoshida wakes up one Sunday morning after a long night at the bar, the last thing he expects to see is that his tiny apartment has a new resident—an unfamiliar high school girl.The previous night, despite finally gathering the courage to confess to his boss and longtime crush, Airi Gotou, Yoshida was rejected. After drowning his sorrows at a bar with his good friend Hashimoto, Yoshida headed back to his home in a drunken stupor, only to run into Sayu Ogiwara, a runaway high schooler. She asked him to let her stay the night, and with his judgment clouded by alcohol, Yoshida complied.Now, with his head on straight but with no memory of last night's events, Yoshida has Sayu explain just how she ended up sleeping at his apartment. Having listened to her story, Yoshida finds himself unable to kick her out—especially after learning that she came all the way from Hokkaido! So, despite his reservations about sheltering an underage girl, Yoshida allows her to stay, and their life together begins.[Written by MAL Rewrite]New year special. Summary recap. This episode should be seen between episodes 12 and 13.After completing their work at Yorknew City, Leorio Paladiknight and Kurapika investigate the rumored sightings of a boy with scarlet red eyes, as they believe this person to be a member of the now non-existent Kurta Clan. Kurapika hopes to find another survivor of the clan besides himself, but instead ends up losing both his eyes after an attack from someone who seems to be his childhood friend. Leorio tends to Kurapika's wounds, and then sends for both Gon Freecss and Killua Zoldyck to help retrieve Kurapika's eyeballs. However, their search brings them face-to-face with the infamous group of thieves known as Phantom Troupe—the same people who massacred the entire Kurta Clan five years ago for their scarlet eyes, which change color during moments of rage. Hunter x Hunter Movie 1: Phantom Rouge follows the boys' quest to locate their friend's eyes and catch the thief, causing them to delve deep into Phantom Troupe's past. And in doing so, they encounter a mysterious girl who appears to be linked to it all…[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nen: the hidden source of energy and potential that runs through everyone, and gives those that master it a source of great power. Inside Nen is the potential for limitless light and limitless darkness. The Hunter Association has arisen to control access to it. Hunters come in many shapes and forms, and with many different appetites - but all of them have learned to master Nen, and use it to chase wealth, power, and their dreams.The greatest and most powerful Hunter is Isaac Netero, chairman of the Hunter Association. Decades ago he sealed away Jed, a Hunter who had mastered the use of On, the dark "shadow" of Nen. Now On users have reappeared at the Heaven's Arena "Battle Olympia" tournament. For Netero, this is the last mission: to protect the Association and the world from a threat driven by hatred and the thirst for revenge. And he's going to need all the help he can get in order to succeed.After the sudden death of his mother, elementary school student Chihiro Komiya is left with no home and no family. But this changes when he encounters a rich and frivolous stranger who turns out to be his long-lost uncle, Madoka Takatori. Madoka offers to take Chihiro in, but upon arriving at his uncle's high-class mansion, the young boy is greeted by a plethora of dust and garbage. As Chihiro's neatfreak instincts kick in, he sets about cleaning the entire residence.Shounen Maid is a lighthearted comedy that follows Chihiro as he finds himself dressed in a frilly uniform (handmade by his uncle), receiving a salary, and working as maid of the house.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.A new school year has begun at Ayanagi Academy for Yuuta Hoshitani and the members of Team Ootori. As the school's annual graduation performance titled "Shadow and Lights" quickly approaches, the second-years in the Musical Department must participate in the production as part of their curriculum. Out of the 25 students in the division, five of them will receive a training role and actively participate as actors in the program alongside the graduating class. Attaining one of these coveted spots will not only increase a student's academic standing within the department, but it will also put them in the running for a position on the elite Kao Council.While every student in the department strives to obtain one of the five training roles, Team Yuzuriha's Riku Ageha is practically a front-runner for the role of Alexis' Shadow. Having idolized an Ayanagi alumnus' performance of Alexis, Ageha has spent a majority of his life perfecting the portrayal in hopes of being selected for the show. In contrast, Hoshitani's lack of experience in show business puts him at a great disadvantage for any of the roles in the production. With specialized training from the "Ancients"—former Kao Council members and Ayanagi alumni—the second-years give it their all as they aim for the stars and beyond.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nagisa Aoi begins her new school life as a transfer student at St. Miator’s Girls Academy, one of three prestigious all-girls institutions atop Astraea Hill. Getting lost on her first day, Nagisa encounters a mysterious student whose elegance and charm is so bewitching, she ends up in the infirmary.There to greet her when she awakens is Tamao Suzumi, her roommate, who enthusiastically introduces Nagisa to the daily life and social structure on campus. Most notably, Tamao informs her of the existence of an exceptional student representative among all three schools—the Etoile, or "star." Eager to meet this person, Nagisa learns that the ethereal beauty she met earlier, Shizuma Hanazono, is the one and only Etoile herself! Not only that, Shizuma seems openly interested in Nagisa! Her interactions with Shizuma naturally make her a hot topic on campus; yet despite being so captivated, Nagisa can’t help but wonder if something is off.Strawberry Panic! follows the everyday routines of Nagisa, Shizuma, and her friends at St. Miator’s, St. Spica, and St. Lulim as they navigate through the challenge of relationships while confronting hidden feelings, lingering regrets, and new possibilities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series of shorts featuring the characters from Tanaka-kun wa Itsumo Kedaruge in chibi form.Ever since his powers awakened, Tenchi Masaki has attracted the attention of many powerful galactic beings, including the mysterious Lady Takami who dispatches her best warrior, Z, to observe him. Though he is under strict orders not to harm Tenchi, Z has no intention of playing by the rules and begins plotting his demise. Meanwhile, on Earth, Tenchi tries to piece together more information about his family and the universe. But as usual, his life won't be getting any easier, as his entire household enters a state of panic when Noike Kamiki Jurai—a woman claiming to be Tenchi’s fiancée—shows up out of the blue.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Memoru is one of 245 people who came to earth from the Riruru Star when their ship had an emergency crash-landing on earth. Memoru's people have such tiny bodies that they could stand on a human's palm. One day she hears lovely music, and she follows its source and comes upon a huge house she hasn't seen before to find a girl taller than her playing on the piano. Memoru visited her again secretly with her friends Popitu, Rupangu, and Pi, but the human girl, Marielle, seemed sick and likely to die any moment. Feeling sad for the girl, Memoru's tear drops on the girl's lips. The girl gets better and a strong friendship starts between them. (Source: ANN)In the future, a new MRI technology analyzes the brains of deceased crime victims and eyewitnesses within 48 hours of their death to extract images of their memories. Although this cutting-edge technology is responsible for solving various murder cases, it has raised several ethical concerns, placing Section Nine—the police division in charge of the MRI investigations led by Tsuyoshi Maki—under considerable pressure from the media and the government. The team members of Section Nine are not only forced to witness traumatic events through the eyes of both victims and murderers, but they also need to negotiate with the victims' families, whose consent is required for the post-mortem MRI scans.Freshly graduated from the police academy, Ikkou Aoki joins Section Nine to replace Maki's best friend Katsuhiro Suzuki—a former member who passed away under ambiguous circumstances after watching MRI footage from a particularly morbid criminal case. As a stream of seemingly unrelated events creeps closer to the case of Suzuki's death, Section Nine will have to face its greatest challenge to date, threatening its very existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third of Tadao Nagahama's Romance Super Robot Trilogy. (#1: Chou Denji Robo Combattler V, #2: Chou Denji Machine Voltes V)After the destruction of their home world, the survivors of the planet Barm head toward Earth with the goal of negotiating the purchase of land to emigrate to. Unfortunately, during the negotiations, the Barmian's leader, Leon, is assassinated by his second in command, Olban, and the delegation from Earth is framed for the murder. In the ensuing chaos, Doctor Isamu Ryuuzaki of the Earth delegation is shot and killed.Shortly after the disastrous end of the talks, the Barmians (called "Valerians" in Starbirds) begin a campaign of terror against Earth, lead by Leon's son, Admiral Richter, who deploys a variety of "Mecha Soldiers" against the planet's defenses. The only thing standing between the Earthlings and annihilation is the transforming, karate-using super robot, Daimos, and its pilot, Kazuya Ryuuzaki. But that changes when he meets and falls in love with a mysterious girl named Erika, who turns out to be Richter's sister. Over the course of their struggles to reunite, Kazuya and Erika each learn that the other's people are not all evil... and that their own people are not all good.(Source: AniDB)Living amongst the rest of humanity, there is a small number of people known as "Attractors" that possess strange powers. Fearful of these dangerous mutations, a highly secretive organization named Custos uses cyborgs from a group called WTOC to exterminate Attractors before they can injure anyone or disrupt the social order.Conversely, inside the theme park Fantasium Garden, there is a hidden group of Attractors who want to save their people from being eradicated by Custos. Led by the ever-optimistic Quon Mitsuchi, the Attractors take on intense fights against Custos's WTOC in the hopes of protecting the existence of their kind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinichirou Nakagami was living the life other boys from his grade could only dream of—staying under the same roof as prodigal student Hiromi Yuasa. However, the bright and cheerful Hiromi has been depressed and cold at home ever since her mother passed away. While he is the subject of the ignorant jealousy of his peers, rumors begin to spread when Shinichirou meets Noe Isurugi—a girl known for cursing classmates, curses which always end up becoming reality.Noe curses Shinichirou as well, but two pits are created when you curse someone, and her curse on Shinichirou comes back to bite her in the form of a raccoon to her beloved chicken, Raigomaru. Despite this, she does not shed a single tear; Noe had had her tears stolen. For Noe to be able to cry again, she would need the tears of another, and Shinichirou knows a person whose tears he wants to take away.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hinata Hoshino, Hana Shirosaki, and Noa Himesaka are off to the countryside for a camping trip. At Hinata's behest, her elder sister, Miyako, reluctantly tags along. Seeing how gloomy Miyako is, the trio do their best to get her to enjoy herself too.Besides the camping trip, Watashi ni Tenshi ga Maiorita! Special contains three more short stories of the girls. Although their lives seem normal, one thing is certain: there is definitely no shortage of cuteness here![Written by MAL Rewrite]In his past life, although too weak to protect his home when it counted, out of grave determination Nie Li became the strongest Demon Spiritist and stood at the pinnacle of the martial world. However, he lost his life during the battle with the Sage Emperor and six deity-ranked beasts.His soul was then brought back to when he was still 13 years old. Although he's the weakest in his class with the lowest talent, having only a red soul realm and a weak one at that, with the aid of the vast knowledge which he accumulated from his previous life, he decided to train faster than anyone could expect. He also decided to help those who died nobly in his previous life to train faster as well.He aims to protect the city from the coming future of being devastated by demon beasts and the previous fate of ending up destroyed. He aims to protect his lover, friends, family and fellow citizens who died in the beast assault or its aftermath. And he aims to destroy the so-called Sacred family who arrogantly abandoned their duty and betrayed the city in his past life.(Source: Goodreads)Eli, Chihiro, and Miyako try to form a band but end up looking to Katsuragi for help. In the process they meet Kanon and become friends/ rivals.(Source: ANN)When he was a child and out catching bugs, Jin Mikuriya fatefully encountered a deity, which became the inspiration for his newest piece of art: The Tree Spirit. Trying to think of a way to bring the wooden statue to school, Jin believes that the rest of the day will be spent admiring his work. But before he can even lift it, the sculpture begins to absorb the earth around it and explodes into a cute girl!The girl, Nagi, who introduces herself as a guardian of the earth, proclaims that Jin must help her get rid of the "impurities" that plague the land. But alas, due to Nagi's tree being cut down and her powers completely drained, she finds herself cleansing the impurities with only a magical wand! With their lives now intertwined, Jin and Nagi find ways to learn more about one another through the endless amounts of daily antics.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mysterious giant beings called "Ryū no Shippo" (Dragon Tails) appeared across the world. Due to the danger it could bring, the Keroro Platoon did a worldwide research on the Dragon Tails, but Tamama suddenly disappeared during the research. Because of this, the whole platoon started their search for Tamama and ended up in Mont-Saint-Michel, France where they met mysterious girl named Sion, who holds the mysterious Ryū no Hon (Dragon Book). But little they know about the secrets about her and the worldwide calamity that would destroy the entire world, as they know it...(Source: ANN)Ever since moving to an in-game world after countless hours of VRMMO grinding, Yuna now calls Crimonia—the city where she started—home. While maintaining her reputation as a renowned adventurer, she continues to manage her businesses; but most importantly, Yuna spends time with the people she has grown to love. Nevertheless, this world has a lot more to offer the carefree adventurer. It is up to Yuna to discover these wonders, and perhaps help more people in need as she encounters their various plights.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a member of a malevolent organization, the General is tasked with invading Earth and wiping out humanity. Even an extraterrestrial being like him, however, needs a chance to rest.Not even the Rangers—a team solely dedicated to defeating the General and his colleagues—will stand in the way of him visiting pandas at the zoo, buying ice cream at the convenience store, and enjoying his well-deserved day off from committing evil deeds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One hundred thousand years ago, he was the founding disciple of the Tianlan Sect, his master ascended to the top, and he was refining Qi. Ninety thousand years ago, his martial nephew ascended, and he was refining Qi. Fifty thousand years ago, the old dog who was the gatekeeper of Tianlanzong also ascended, and he was still refining Qi. Thirty thousand years ago, the old tree at the foot of the mountain also became a demon, and he was still refining Qi before he could pass the catastrophe. Ten thousand years ago, Zhang Wuji, the 9872nd generation disciple of Tianlanzong, also ascended, and Xu Yang silently refined Qi. He retreated for 10,000 years, and finally, he broke through the 9999th floor of the Qi refining period! Ten thousand years later, he broke through and came out!Source: BaiduSecond half of Ling Long: Incarnation.Two jewels are the key to the ancient treasure of Yaobikuni. But legend has it that the only person who can find the treasure is one who can walk the path of death.And why is Lupin interested? This is the one treasure his grandfather sought but did not steal.(Source: AniDB)Momo is the princess of Fenarinarsa, a land of dreams that is getting further and further from Earth. She is sent to help the Earth regain faith in its dreams. To assist her are her friends Sindbook, Mocha, and Pipiru and her magic wand that transforms her into an adult. She's ready and willing to help anyone she can in order to make their dream come true, no matter what happens.Miho Shinohara is a care-free third-grader and an aspiring manga artist. One day, she encounters Mogu and Pigu - two lost fairies disguised as stuffed animals. In exchange for staying at her home until they find a way to return to their own world, the fairies give Miho a special sketch pad and pencil that enable her to magically create real objects from what she draws. With the pen, Miho can also transform into Lala, a beautiful teenage girl created from her manga art. As Lala, she is discovered by a talent agency, and so begins her adventures from an ordinary school girl to a model to an idol singer. (Source: ANN)Following the events of "Scorched Halloween," the world is introduced to a terrifyingly powerful Strategic class magician. In an effort to uncover the identity of this person, the United States of the North American Continent (USNA) dispatches the most powerful asset in its arsenal to Japan on a covert mission—the elite magician unit "Stars" and its commander, Angie Sirius.At First High School, Tatsuya Shiba and his friends are having a farewell party for Shizuku Kitayama, who is leaving to study abroad in the USNA as part of an exchange program. In her place, the group welcomes the beautiful Angelina "Lina" Kudou Shields. Around the same time, Tatsuya is informed about the USNA's plan to uncover his true identity.Elsewhere in Tokyo, numerous reports arise of seemingly random bodies found drained of blood. Dubbed as the works of a vampire, it does not take long for Tatsuya to connect the dots and realize that it is almost impossible for the timing of these events to be mere coincidence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a quiet corner of the city, four-year-old Kun Oota has lived a spoiled life as an only child with his parents and the family dog, Yukko. But when his new baby sister Mirai is brought home, his simple life is thrown upside-down; suddenly, it isn't all about him anymore. Despite his tantrums and nagging, Mirai is seemingly now the subject of all his parents' love.To help him adapt to this drastic change, Kun is taken on an extraordinary journey through time, meeting his family's past, present, and future selves, as he learns not only what it means to be a part of a family, but also what it means to be an older brother.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unleashing a devastating surprise attack, flying ninjas from the Land of Sky are seeking revenge against their old enemy Konohagakure. Despite his eagerness to join the fight, Naruto Uzumaki is held up by Shinnou, a mysterious doctor who requires his assistance to save an injured person. While delivering the wounded man to the hospital, Naruto has an unexpected encounter with Amaru—a stormy youngster from a neighboring village desperately looking for Shinnou's help.Meanwhile, as the invaders withdraw to restore their forces, Tsunade seizes the opportunity to dispatch a small team including Sai, Shikamaru Nara, and Kakashi Hatake to strike down their base. Simultaneously, she commissions Naruto, Sakura Haruno, and Hinata Hyuuga to accompany Shinnou and Amaru on their journey. During this time, however, Orochimaru has his own schemes: he orders Sasuke Uchiha to bring him the doctor who specializes in the reincarnation technique.As the escort group accidentally uncovers the sinister truth behind the attacks, tumultuous plans are set in motion. But even when confronted with an unforeseen reunion, Naruto does not waver in his endeavor to end the warfare and its disastrous effects.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The summer of a man's boyhood memories continue. Still on the cusp between childhood and being a man, he has linked with the ghost of a young woman from the World War 2 era. She, and the ghosts of other young ladies from that time, continue adventures alongside their linked partners, learning more about each other and travelling through time via their supernatural connection. While he struggles to see his crush on her come to fruition, meanwhile his friend—a girl his age, pretending to be a boy—seeks his attention as well.(Source: ANN)OVA released with the 9th volume of the manga. The day when Tsubaki goes to the summer festival with Ueno, Oka, and Urabe. Kei and Mizuho are having some marital difficulties, and Mizuho's family decides it's high time for a visit. (Source: ANN)Mo Fan is presumed dead. Nonetheless, hearing rumors about his whereabouts, Mo Fan's childhood friend Zhang Xiaohou sets out to find him. Upon reuniting, Mo Fan enlists Zhang Xiaohou and Li Man to kill a giant lizard whose soul will help him recover from the side effects of his devil powers.Human once more, Mo Fan spends time with his stepsister Ye Xinxia in Song City, where he witnesses a giant snake towering over the buildings. When Mo Fan asks his teacher Tang Yue about the snake, she takes him to her island home and shares her history with the beast. Mo Fan agrees to help her protect the snake in exchange for its valuable shed skin.Meanwhile, the White Eagle demon attacks the Western fortress and a plague spreads from Bai City to Song City. As blame falls on the giant snake, Mo Fan is fully determined to prove its innocence by searching for the true source of the disease as well as an antidote.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After being stood up for a movie date, marketing employee Fumihiko Matsumaru is about to throw away his tickets when he is stopped by a girl who implores him to let her accompany him instead. Thanks to his upbeat and eccentric companion Aka Onda, an aspiring voice actress, Fumihiko enjoys his evening. While walking home together, they find out that they live in the same neighborhood. Mere hours later, Fumihiko wakes up from a nightmare and hears sirens outside his window. Going outside to check the situation, he sees that Aka's apartment has burned down, along with all her possessions. Fumihiko invites the distressed Aka to stay at his place, leading to them sleeping together.In the aftermath of that fateful night, their personal and professional lives become inextricably intertwined. Not only do they begin living together platonically despite their one-night stand, they also discover that Aka will be voicing the mascot Fumihiko designed for his company's newest product. While trying to keep their live-in relationship under wraps for fear of scrutiny, the two begin to support each other throughout the difficulties in their respective careers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ever since he was a child, zombie-obsessed Chihiro Furuya has wanted an undead girlfriend. Soon enough, his love for all things zombie comes in handy when his cat Baabu gets run over, prompting Chihiro to try to make a resurrection potion and bring him back to life. During his endeavor, he sees a rich girl named Rea Sanka yelling into an old well every day about her oppressive life. After meeting and bonding with her, Chihiro is convinced by Rea to persevere in saving Baabu. Eventually, he succeeds with the help of the poisonous hydrangea flowers from Rea's family garden.Unaware of the potion's success and seeking to escape the burdens of her life, Rea drinks the resurrection potion, mistakenly thinking she will die. Though it doesn't kill her, the effects still linger and her death from a fatal accident causes her to be reborn as a zombie. With help from Chihiro, Rea strives to adjust to her new—albeit undead—life. For a boy wanting a zombie girlfriend, this situation would seem like a dream come true. But in Sankarea, Chihiro's life becomes stranger than usual as he deals with Rea's odd new cravings and the unforeseen consequences of her transformation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Once upon a time, the demon lord Rchimedes spread terror throughout the world, until he was eventually sealed away by the legendary hero Creasion. Since then, a thousand years have passed peacefully. However, a mysterious hole has opened up between the demon and human spheres, and countless demons have surged into the human realm once more. Coming to the conclusion that Rchimedes would soon return to wreak havoc, a human king summons the possible descendants of the legendary hero—all 75 of them. Unfortunately, after so long, it was too difficult to pinpoint his true descendants. Among the lionhearted prospects is the amateur adventurer Alba Frühling. His skills may not be top-notch, but he is accompanied by the talented soldier Ross, who helps the young hero whenever he is in a pinch...or at least, he is supposed to. Though undoubtedly a skilled warrior, Ross is actually both sarcastic and sadistic, and hence revels in Alba's suffering. Senyuu. is a comedic adventure following the unlikely duo as they struggle in their endeavor to defeat the demon lord, meeting various eccentrics along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season in the Kaitou Joker anime series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.(Source: ANN)It was on a rainy spring day that Chobi became a young woman's pet cat. Though he immediately fell in love with the beautiful and kind person who took him in, he can never hope to fully understand the complex world of humans. Over the course of their first year living in the same apartment, Chobi and his new owner live in their own separate worlds⁠—standing alone yet close together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During a vacation Natsumi is visited by a female alien and male alien who she later gains feelings for from the ocean that makes her the Deep Sea Princess who, along with the rest of the Keroro Platoon, encounter many dangers summoned by a mysterious creature. (Source: Wikipedia)Three TV Specials complied from Kidou Senshi Gundam SEED series.1. The Empty Battlefield (Kokuu no Senjou)2. The Far-Away Dawn (Harukanaru Akatsuki)3. The Rumbling Sky (Meidou no Sora)Much like the Kidou Senshi Gundam theatrical movies, the Gundam Seed: Special Edition movies are intended to be an override of the story from the TV series.These episodes are in fact a complete recap of all 50 episodes of the TV series and were first shown on television in Japan. The special edition episodes feature some new scenes and tweaks to previously animated scenes. The first special, The Empty Battlefield, which compiled episodes 1–21 of the series, was aired in two parts on Japanese TV in March 2004, followed by the next special, The Far-Away Dawn, which was episodes 22–40, in July 2004. The final special, The Rumbling Sky, which was episodes 41–50. While the story is overall unchanged, there are a few minor changes. In addition, several scenes are re-animated and re-dubbed.(Source: Wikipedia)12-year-old Misaki Suzuhara has just gotten involved in Angelic Layer, a battling game using electronic dolls called angels. Even as a newbie, Misaki shows advanced skills as she meets new friends and enters Angelic Layer tournaments to fight the greatest Angelic Layer champions of the nation.Kouichi Sanada and Kazuki Aihara's childhood friend Mao Mizusawa has returned after living in France for a couple of years. Kouichi is surprised to learn that, since her parents are remaining overseas for the time being, his mother has agreed to let Mao stay with them. The three friends help each other deal with the ups and downs of high school romance.(Source: ANN)During the Summer holidays, Gash and gang decide to head for Fuji Mountain for a picnic gathering. There, they encounter a girl with a white magical book. Her name is Kotoha and her book has a message saying that Gash's mother is located a cave in the forest. However, when they eventually found the cave, there was already a blond-haired youth by the name of Wiseman. In order to rescue Wiseman, Gash and the others attempt to proceed into the depths of the cave and stumble upon the entrance to another world. Soon later, the strongest warrior, the Black Knight, appeared before them. Thinking that Gash was the one who stole the 101th magical book, the Black Knight started to attack them. Gash and Kiyomaro have to find the real criminal in exactly 24 hours, or else they will be stuck in the alternative world forever.In a post-apocalyptic world overrun with mutated beasts called Limbeekoon or Filth Monsters, humanity is forced to live in large mobile cities called Regios and learn to use special weapons called Dite, by harnessing the power of Kei to defend themselves. In the Academy City of Zuellni, Layfon Alseif is hoping to start a new life and forget his past. However, his past has caught the attention of Karian Loss, the manipulative Student Council President and Nina Antalk, a Military Arts student and Captain of the 17th Military Arts Platoon, who instantly recognizes his abilities and decides he’s the perfect candidate to join her group. However, with a secret past that won’t leave him alone and unknown powers beyond normal, Layfon just might not take it. The world is in the midst of the industrial revolution when horrific creatures emerge from a mysterious virus, ripping through the flesh of humans to sate their never-ending appetite. The only way to kill these beings, known as "Kabane," is by destroying their steel-coated hearts. However, if bitten by one of these monsters, the victim is doomed to a fate worse than death, as the fallen rise once more to join the ranks of their fellow undead.Only the most fortified of civilizations have survived this turmoil, as is the case with the island of Hinomoto, where mankind has created a massive wall to protect themselves from the endless hordes of Kabane. The only way into these giant fortresses is via heavily-armored trains, which are serviced and built by young men such as Ikoma. Having created a deadly weapon that he believes will easily pierce through the hearts of Kabane, Ikoma eagerly awaits the day when he will be able to fight using his new invention. Little does he know, however, that his chance will come much sooner than he expected...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special included on Kuroko no Basket Fan Disc 1: Owara nai Natsu.Midarezaki Ouka is used to having strange things happen to him -after all, he is the head of the Great Japanese Empire Paranormal Phenomena Bureau of Measures. But when he catches a small cat girl in the shopping district stealing apples, his whole life rearranges to fit a new operation... OPERATION COZY FAMILY. Thousands of years ago, Enka the God of Destruction, was killed. However, with a dying breath it claimed that its child would appear and destroy humanity. Now in futuristic Japan, all of the potential children of Enka have been found and placed into a haphazard family. Teika the lion, Gekka the jellyfish, Yuuka the oni, Ginka the cross-dressing mafia son, and Hyouka the bioweapon--along with their parents Ouka and Kyouka (the ruler of a demon underworld)--all live under one roof in a family frenzy. Vampires are known to have many weaknesses that balance out their incredible power, but the vampire lord Draluc happens to be weak to pretty much anything.The vampire hunter Ronald receives a job to infiltrate the castle of the so-called "Invincible Progenitor" and rescue a woman's son from the monster within. But upon arriving, he is dumbfounded to discover that the vampire quickly turns to ash by something as trivial as a clap of his hands! Moreover, the child he was sent to save had merely wandered in to play the vampire lord's video games while he slept!In a disastrous turn of events, Draluc's castle is destroyed, and the fragile vampire decides to move in with the hunter who has only just defeated him. Ronald, Draluc, and the vampire's pet armadillo John form quite the eccentric team as they are forced to work together while fending off Ronald's violent editor, the lesser vampires plaguing the city, and even their fellow vampire hunters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Moonlight Mile.Rito Yuuki never gets a break—he's always finding himself in lewd accidents with girls around him. Although his heart still yearns for Haruna, his childhood love, Rito can't help but question his feelings for Lala, the alien princess who appeared in front of him and declared she would marry him. But now, it's not just Lala he has to deal with: her younger twin sisters, Momo and Nana, have also traveled to Earth, wanting to meet their older sister's fiancé, and just as luck would have it, they end up staying at Rito's home.Meanwhile, amidst the bustle of his new family members, Yami, the human weapon girl, begins her pursuit for Rito. It's not an easy life for Rito as he deals with uncertain love, punishment for being a pervert, and a girl dead set on murdering him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mo~tto Ojamajo Doremi movie features the five witches Doremi, Aiko, Hazuki, Onpu, and Momoko as they visit Doremi's grandpa's home. There, they learn of the mystery of the frog stone, a magical place where magic used to mingle in the old countryside. Aiko rediscovers her love for grandpa, and Doremi learns a piece of the magical kingdom's past.(Source: ANN)In the town of Nerima, the boisterous Hideki and his stoic brother Ichiro run a daikon radish farm along with Mako, their bubbly but vain cousin. The three dream of raising the money needed to build their own concert hall, where their band—Nerima Daikon Brothers—would perform and hopefully rise to stardom. But their farm and Ichiro's host club job aren't raising money fast enough for their liking, leading them to resort to get-rich-quick schemes.Their plans usually involve tracking down evil-doers and then stealing their ill-gotten gains. Yet, while they usually do put a stop to the villains, they always end the day no richer than before. However, neither these failures nor interference from the policewoman Yukika Karakuri can come between this trio and their dream! With help from gadgets provided by the rental shop owner Nabeshin, the Nerima Daikon Brothers get themselves into and out of all kinds of ridiculous situations through their boisterous singing and comedy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nijiiro Days follows the colorful lives and romantic relationships of four high school boys—Natsuki Hashiba, a dreamer with delusions of love; Tomoya Matsunaga, a narcissistic playboy who has multiple girlfriends; Keiichi Katakura, a kinky sadist who always carries a whip; and Tsuyoshi Naoe, an otaku who has a cosplaying girlfriend.When his girlfriend unceremoniously dumps him on Christmas Eve, Natsuki breaks down in tears in the middle of the street and is offered tissues by a girl in a Santa Claus suit. He instantly falls in love with this girl, Anna Kobayakawa, who fortunately attends the same school as him. Natsuki's pursuit of Anna should have been simple and uneventful; however, much to his dismay, his nosy friends constantly meddle in his relationship, as they strive to succeed in their own endeavors of love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A future where the continuity of history has broken off, a world of enormous ruins that continues endlessly. Oceans and continents have vanished, existing only within the archives brought up from the remains. Ura works in the Archive Excavation Department, which restores and analyzes the data left behind. One day, he finds a disturbing visual record... (Source: ANN)Potemayo DVD specials.In the future, an organization called the GGP has taken control of the world. Rin Ogata was a promising up-and-coming ballet dancer, but suffered a serious injury while dancing and decided to quit. Years later in college, she comes across a club building and soon finds herself intrigued by a transforming motorcycle-like robotic vehicle called a "Rideback". She soon finds that her unique ballet skills with balance and finesse make her a born natural on a Rideback. However, those same skills also get her into serious trouble with the government.(Source: Wikipedia)An ancient legend states that with the revival of the Demon God, six heroes—the Braves of the Six Flowers—will be chosen by the Goddess of Fate, granting them power to rise up against the fiends attempting to turn the world into a living hell. Adlet Mayer, self-proclaimed "Strongest Man in the World," has arrived at the continent of Piena in hopes of becoming a Brave. Although it doesn't go as smoothly as he had planned, Adlet is ultimately chosen as one of the six heroes shortly after being greeted by Nashetania Loei Piena Augustra, crown princess and fellow Brave.Rokka no Yuusha follows the two as they embark upon their destined journey to fight the Demon God, intending to meet up with their fellow heroes at a small temple outside of the Land of the Howling Demons, the fiends' domain. However, when they finally unite, seven heroes are present, and soon the others begin to suspect Adlet to be a fraud. Now on the run, Adlet must utilize his unique skill set and wit in a fight for his life to identify which member of the group is the true impostor before it's too late![Written by MAL Rewrite]The second stage of the battle royale known as the Sekirei Plan is underway. Shintou Teito has been closed off; no Sekirei or Ashikabi may leave. Minato Sahashi and his harem of Sekirei must now prepare to fight new battles as changes to the rules are put into place. However, not all groups will return to the battle: some Sekirei are loved very much by their Ashikabi partners, who would rather forfeit the prize than see them perish.In the midst of the action, someone close to Minato may be more involved than he had ever imagined, and threats lurk around every corner. There are even rumors that the "Single Numbers," the most powerful type of Sekirei, have entered the fray. In the eyes of the "Game Master" Minaka Hiroto, everything is proceeding according to plan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to a weak heart, Suzune Miyama has remained bedridden for most of her childhood. However, despite her illness, she has always dreamed of becoming an idol. Eventually, her opportunity comes in the form of the seventh Selection Project—a brutal series of competitions best known as the starting point of the legendary idol Akari Amasawa.Anxious but excited, Suzune enters the preliminary round of Selection Project. Though her singing dazzles the judges and her fellow competitors, Suzune is unfortunately overcome by her nerves and freezes up in the middle of her performance. She recovers quickly, but the stumble is great enough that she loses the winning spot and is disqualified.Or so it seems—until Seira Kurusu, the girl Suzune lost to, announces that she plans to drop out of Selection Project, believing Suzune is a more talented singer and therefore deserves the right to compete. Suzune is caught off guard by the decision, but promises Seira that they will meet again as top idols. She prepares herself for the challenging obstacles that lie ahead.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the completion of the Summer Troupe's show, Izumi Tachibana must now recruit five members for the next sub-troupe, the Autumn Troupe. Luckily, enough people arrive at the audition: Banri Settsu, a talented but boastful jack of all trades; Juuza Hyoudou, a stone-faced delinquent passionate about acting; Taichi Nanao, a man wanting to impress girls through the stage; Omi Fushimi, a college student, amateur photographer, and adept cook; and Sakyou Furuichi, a yakuza member who shares a past connection with the Mankai Company.But between the non-existent teamwork and multiple threats jeopardizing the show's success, Izumi realizes that the troupe might be more difficult to handle than she first thought. How will she be able to unite them in time for their debut performance?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three years has passed since the events of the first series. Hiromi continued training with her coach and became Japan's junior champion. Their common profits have also contributed to the coach being chosen as the first trainer of the Japanese Selection of Tennis and is arranged to head a trip with the youngest members of the team to USA. The relation between Hiromi and its trainer is narrower at personal level but it exceeds the teacher-student bond with great difficulty. (Source: AniDB)Lacking what is considered the most important asset in basketball, Sora Kurumatani has struggled with his short height since the inception of his love for the game. Despite missing this beneficial aspect, Sora's unwavering drive never allowed his small stature to dictate his ability to play, believing strongly in trying his hardest and persistently practicing to prove his capability.In hopes of satisfying his mother's wishes, Sora enters Kuzuryuu High School to become a member of the basketball club and compete wholeheartedly in tournaments. However, Sora is disappointed to find out that the boy's basketball team is nothing but a retreat for punks who have no interest in the sport. Sora also comes to learn that brothers Chiaki and Momoharu Hanazono—whom he becomes acquainted with—have also lost their once spirited motivation to play. Determined to revive the basketball team, Sora challenges the boys to a match against him, where his quick feet and swift movements overwhelm the group. Gradually affected by Sora's impressive skills, sheer effort, and tireless devotion to basketball, the boys unexpectedly find their burnt-out passion for the game rekindling once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Aine Yuuki, who is a regular student at Star Harmony Academy's normal division, meets Mio Minato from the idol division, who invites her to join Aikatsu to fulfill Aine's goal to make friends. She also befriends Maika Chōno and Ema Hinata who are also idols. Aine and Mio form a pair to become best friends to become the bright "Diamond Friends". Karen Kamishiro and Mirai Asuku are categorized as "Diamond Friends" and are in the Diamond Class!(Source: Wikipedia)A young Taiwanese assassin codenamed "Glass Heart" committed suicide by jumping off a building, and her heart was pierced by metal fence. Miraculously, her life was saved by heart transplantation. During her recovery she began to experience strange dreams, which lead her to Japan looking for the donor of her heart, who happens to be Kaori Makimura, former partner of City Hunter Ryo Saeba.The author mentioned in the first tankoubon volume that Angel Heart only shares the same characters of City Hunter but not its continuation. The events are all parallel universe, therefore it has nothing to do with City Hunter. (Source: Wikipedia)The candid shots of Muttsurini's female and male classmates that fund his surveillance habits.Recap of Boku no Hero Academia that aired a week before the second season.Nariyuki Yuiga, an impoverished third-year high school student, works tirelessly to receive the VIP nomination, a scholarship that would cover all of his college tuition fees. In recognition of his hard work, the headmaster awards him the renowned scholarship.However, this scholarship is given under one condition: he must tutor the school's geniuses in their weakest subjects! Joining his new brigade of pupils are the math maestro Rizu Ogata, who wants to study humanities; the literature legend Fumino Furuhashi, who wants to study science; and Yuiga's sports-savvy childhood friend, Uruka Takemoto, who is hopeless at everything else.Bokutachi wa Benkyou ga Dekinai follows Yuiga as he tries to teach his three eccentric tutees in a series of strange and comedic antics. But as Ogata's and Furuhashi's ambitions conflict with their talents, will Yuiga be able to help his students achieve their dreams?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The episode adapts chapters 48 and 49, which follow Yuiga and Asumi going on a fake date, and Yuiga encountering his teacher Mafuyu Kirisu after she accidentally loses her swimsuit top.(Source: MAL News)After discovering the face of their true enemy—someone who is related to Akito and responsible for the Geass placed upon him—W-0 attempts to return to their base at Castle Weisswolf. However, stranded in Warsaw due to a complication involving their military identification, they are forced to accept the help of local gypsies, allowing the squad to take some time to deepen their bonds.Meanwhile, Britannian advisor Julius Kingsley and his guard Suzaku Kururugi begin working together with the Knights of St. Michael in order to crush the European resistance once and for all, armed with the destructive power of a giant weapon known as the Ark Fleet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Da Li Si Rizhi.If you're in a big trouble, call the World Welfare Work Association or WWWA. They will send out a team of highly trained capable agents called Trouble Consultants who can solve your problems. But if the team they send you is the Dirty Pair, there will be a lot of collateral damage aside from solving your problems.(Source: AniDB)Nobita and his dad buy a big rhinoceros beetle, which he promises to his dad to take good care of it. Later, Doraemon's group finds a strange island where a tribe co-exists with prehistoric creatures long believed to extinct yet preserved by a mythical beetle spirit named Golden Hercules. However, the group has to deal with a group of criminals from the future who intend to capture Golden Hercules for a profit.(Source: Wikipedia)To aid his conquest of Japan, the ruthless lord Daigo Kagemitsu offers to sacrifice his soon-to-be-born son to 48 demons. The demons accept, and the next day, the child is born with several missing limbs and is ruthlessly cast down a river.Fifteen years later, a stubborn young boy named Dororo struggles to survive against hunger and oppressive samurai on the streets of an impoverished and war-torn village. After angering a group of thugs, Dororo is attacked by them, but a mysterious man interrupts them, claiming to hear spirits nearby. Sure enough, a monster emerges from the river, and the man then removes his prosthetic arms, revealing blades hidden underneath, with which he slays the monster before leaving.That night, as the man walks through the forest, Dororo approaches him and declares that he will accompany him. From this, the man, Hyakkimaru, reveals that many of his body parts were stolen by demons and that though he sought a peaceful life, he couldn't escape their relentless onslaught. Despite the tale, Dororo still insists on tagging along. And thus, Hyakkimaru travels through Japan with his new companion and a puppy named Nota, facing the brutality of both hell and mankind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Asou Renji comes back at the station with Chihiro, after the events of ef - a tale of memories. They recollect various moments in this 'summary' of the first season of ef, with special new intermissions.(Source: Animeka)The fourth film in the five-part Gundam: G no Reconguista Movie series. Anzu goes to a kindergarten with her friends, the shy Koume and the eccentric Hiiragi. Together they try to make their caretaker, Tsuchida Naozumi, fall in love with Anzu. However, he is clearly more interested in the pretty Yamamoto Nanako, a fellow kindergarten teacher who supervises the class next door. Even though Anzu tries to convince Tsuchida to marry her when she grows up by using various methods. Tsuchida, on the other hand, hopes to get a chance to date Yamamoto, and, if not, to marry her.Ayumi Arihara believes that being loved is the ultimate key to happiness—which is why her greatest wish is to have a boy confess to her. A series of unfortunate events leads to her ideal dream coming true, albeit in a nightmarish way: the towering and terrifying Misao Zaitsu confesses his love to Ayumi through a letter.Mentally exhausted from not knowing what to do, Ayumi collapses in class. A classmate comes to her rescue, carrying her princess-style to the infirmary. This makes Ayumi fall in love with the cute boy, only to realize he is none other than Misao's younger brother, Mamoru.Feeling caught between a rock and a hard place, Ayumi must decide whether to stick to her idea of love or pursue what she truly desires. However, Ayumi is not alone in her struggles—all her friends are also taking on the challenges of first love, and for teenagers, it is never as easy as it seems.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired anime episode bundled with the limited edition of High School DxD DX.1.#1: Oppai, Minorimasu! (Episode 13)A rumor is going about the school about how girls are disappearing and coming back ill and with their breast size decreased.#2: Oppai, Motomemasu! (Episode 14)While observing how the others do their jobs so they can do theirs better, Issei and Asia go with Rias to see if a coffin is cursed. During the investigation Issei is possessed by an Egyptian magician named Unas, It just so happens that Unas is just as perverted as Issei. Unas will only leave Issei's body if they can release Unas from the curse placed on him by a devil that Unas tried to make his bride.A series of 3-5 minute specials that were bundled with the HighSchool DxD DVD and Blu-rays. They are a stand alone set of episodes that are not a part of any story line in particular.Special 1: Going Sunbathing! - The Occult Research Club goes on a beach outing.Special 2: Issei's Private Training! - Issei is being given lessons in magic by Akeno.Special 3: A Little Bold, Koneko-Chan... Nyan! - Koneko accidentally has her personality reversed magically, making her incredibly sexually active and reversing her sexual preference.Special 4: The Untold Story of The Dress Break's Birth! - A few flashbacks of how Issei first found out and eventually perfected his special move, Dress Break.Special 5: Making Udon! - As part of a penalty for losing a bet, Sona and Tsubaki make udon for the Occult Research Club but the udon comes to life in a peculiar way...Special 6: Asia Transforms! - Asia wants to prove she is just as bad as any demon by using ideas found in Issei's magazines, going as far as dressing up like a harlot and seducing him.(Source: Wikipedia)Hiyori, a small and timid girl, goes to school for the first time in a year since an accident left her hospitalized. Follow her as she struggles with her social skills, tries to make friends and maybe even a little bit more...?(Source: One Manga)Ryouhei Arisu is a high school student with no ambitions and just wants to escape from what he feels is a meaningless reality. One night when he is with his two friends Daikichi Karube and Chouta Segawa, they see an abnormally large firework shoot into the sky, an event which signals a permanent change in their lives.Blinded by the incredibly bright explosion, the three find themselves transported to what is known as the Borderland. The only inhabitants of this world are participants of a deadly game where specific tasks must be accomplished if they wish to survive. As the three begin playing to determine how they can get back home, Ryouhei finds himself feeling alive for the very first time in his life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Years ago, Jiang Ziya, the head disciple of Jingxu Hall, joined his master in a ravaging war to fight demons and capture the Nine-Tailed Fox Demon. Known to be the first to climb the Stairway to Heaven, he was expected to become the leader of gods.However, Jiang Ziya's final task to execute the Nine-Tailed soon took a turn for the worse when the demon created an illusion and showed Jiang Ziya an innocent girl trapped inside her. Growing doubtful, he freed the fox spirit to save the girl. As a punishment for his transgression, Jiang Ziya was banished to the North Sea, with his divine power sealed, until he would no longer be plagued by the Nine-Tailed's mirage.Ten years later, Jiang Ziya dwells in the North Sea alongside his friend Shen Gongbao and his pet Si Bu Xiang. At a bar, Jiang Ziya meets Xiao Jiu—who resembles the girl from the illusion. When he asks her about the Nine-Tailed Fox Demon's bracelet on her ankle, she tells him that the accessory reveals to her a place where black flowers bloom. Conflicted over what to believe, Jiang Ziya accompanies Xiao Jiu to Mount Youdu. Thus, the two begin a formidable journey that might uncover not only the truth Jiang Ziya has been searching for, but also shocking facts about the great war of the past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Makoto Mizuhara agrees to testify against the boisterous student council president Katsuhiko Jinnai for bribing school clubs in the recent student council elections, Jinnai chases him down in an attempt to silence his self-proclaimed rival. Suddenly, during the chase, time stops for everyone—except Makoto. Perplexed, he wanders around the campus until he notices a light coming from the school's closed-off basement, where an ancient relic had just been uncovered.Makoto is walking toward the artifact surrounded by strings of light, when out of it comes an otherworldly woman who claims she has been waiting for ten thousand years to see him. Weakened by the passage of time, she uses her remaining power to transport a confused Makoto to another world, which she refers to as El-Hazard. However, others who are still at school are also caught in the spell, namely: Jinnai; Masamichi Fujisawa, the alcoholic teacher; and Nanami Jinnai, the headstrong sister of president Jinnai.The fantastical and magnificent world of El-Hazard awaits these four individuals where they will become entangled in the story of its inhabitants and embark on an adventure filled with laughter, danger, and even romance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Mini Ika-Musume" side-story episodes.In this prequel movie to the Slayers televison series, Lina Inverse travels to Mipross Island with her rival/traveling companion Naga the Serpent. While they originally came for the hot springs, they soon find them selves mixed up in a conspiracy involving a mazoku named Joyrock. Years ago, he killed all of the elves that inhabited the island and absorbed their power. They are soon joined by an old mage named Rowdy Gabriev, who was in love with one of the elves slaughtered and also wants to defeat Joyrock. (Source: ANN)Tatsumiyajima is the central island in the middle of a small cluster of islands, in a sleepy backwater of the Japanese isles. Not much happens there, and the island's young people go to school knowing that their lives are likely to remain peaceful and undisturbed. Or so they have been taught... but the truth is different. The fate of mankind is on the line, and Tatsumiyajima is the last line of defense against a hostile and incomprehensible enemy. At the center of it all, fighting for Humanity's continued existence, is the giant robot Fafner, the dragon that guards this final treasure of mankind.(Source: ANN)The world of Auldrant is bound by the Score, a series of prophecies from centuries past that dictate the world's future. It is considered an absolute fate that everyone lives by—even people whose actions lead to bloodshed and tears. Using magical abilities known as the Fonic Arts, a war between the nation of Kimlasca-Lanvaldear and the Malkuth Empire is waged in hopes of bringing the Score's foreseen utopia to life.Tales of the Abyss follows Luke von Fabre, who spends his days locked away in his manor after being kidnapped and losing memories as a child. One day, while honing his swordsmanship, a woman named Tear attempts to assassinate his master. Luke defends him, but the clash results in the two being teleported to a distant land. Luke and Tear’s journey back quickly escalates into a quest that will either free the world from the Score's chains or destroy it completely.The unaired 26th episode bundled with the ninth Blu-ray and DVD volume of The iDOLM@STER Cinderella Girls. In an alternate timeline, the world has seemingly achieved peace. Bereft of international conflicts, wars are now waged between private corporations in place of peaceful nations. Yuuichi Kannami, a recent transfer in Area 262, simply does his job as a contracted fighter pilot. However, the more time he spends at his new base, the more mysteries come to light.The Sky Crawlers exhibits this reality through the eyes of Kannami as he endeavors to understand the "Kildren," humans genetically altered to be teenagers forever with faster reflexes, and his predecessor, the ace pilot known as "Teacher." However, what troubles Kannami the most is how all this connects to the base commander, Suito Kusanagi. Area 262 has the answers, but the truth comes with a price the young pilot may not be ready to pay.[Written by MAL Rewrite]College student Miyako Hoshino is quite shy around other people. She mostly spends her time in her room making cosplay outfits. When her fifth-grade sister Hinata brings her classmate Hana Shirosaki home, Miyako instantly becomes captivated with Hana's cuteness. Miyako tries to do various things, ranging from making Hana wear cosplay dresses to giving her sweets. This gives Hana a bad impression of her at first, but Miyako will do anything to grow closer to the angel who has descended before her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since childhood, Hiyori Yamakawa has witnessed her father's various eccentricities, but one activity she has always loved doing with him is fly fishing—a complicated yet rewarding method of catching fish. Even after his sudden death, Hiyori still visits the seaside in her spare time, savoring the joy that her father's memento brings her.Three years later, Hiyori's mother decides to remarry and arranges a dinner with her fiancé, his daughter, and Hiyori to celebrate. Anxious and wanting to pass the time, Hiyori goes to her usual fishing spot when a rather energetic girl named Koharu Minagi suddenly appears before her. The two soon become acquainted, with Koharu taking an interest in fly fishing herself. However, their meeting is more than just a coincidence: Koharu turns out to be Hiyori's future stepsibling, which is only the beginning of treasured memories the both of them will reel in as they foster their sisterhood.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVA release from anime series "Armored Trooper Votoms" utilizing the latest in 3D CG animation. Created by the original staff of the series, with an all new story about the end of the 100 year war.Set in a future where machines have advanced to the point of autonomy and become a point of major contention in the political and social realms, Astro Boy (1980) chronicles the struggles of a crime-fighting young robot named Atom. Created in the image of his enigmatic inventor's deceased son, Atom survives rough beginnings, getting saved and adopted by the benevolent Dr. Ochanomizu. In his pursuit of justice, Atom finds himself in the midst of numerous clashes with various factions, and is often faced with the harsh realities of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series of unaired comedic shorts released with Blu-ray and DVD boxes of Tsuki ga Kirei.Waking up cold and alone in the woods, a nameless man is surrounded by unfamiliar scenes. Without any memories, he is utterly lost until he stumbles upon Kuon—a young girl with animal ears and a tail. She saves him, leading him back to her town while protecting them both from "boro-gigiri"—giant centipede-like creatures—and a mysterious red slime. After they arrive, she names him Haku after a prominent historical figure from the area. He quickly realizes he is one of a kind—the only one without animal ears and a tail. The two journey to the capital of Yamato, the country in which Kuon lives, meeting more people and making new friends, all the while unknowingly delving deeper into the politics and inner conflicts of Yamato...Utawarerumono: Itsuwari no Kamen follows Haku as he slowly uncovers the secrets of this alien world. He works to solve the mysteries surrounding the red slimes, as well as to stop war from erupting among the nearby countries.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Donghai City, a coastal city, is short of rain and fresh water all the year round. Lin Yunxiang, a young man who loves motorcycles, was attacked by superpowers when his car collided with the rich son of the water supply company, and he awakened the dormant mysterious power in his body-Nezha. Awaiting Li Yunxiang, in addition to the vengeance from the enemy, there is a bigger conspiracy...(Source: V2Anime)In the Year 4800 of the Star Calendar, the five lineages of the Vidyadhara made alliance on the Yuque, putting their sacred vow into writing. "This oath shall remain unbroken, standing stronger than even earth and steel." — History of the Xianzhou: Exodus of the Five DragonsIn the Year 7379 of the Star Calendar, the Imbibitor Lunae Dan Feng caused turmoil that threatened the sacred wood. The Cloud Knights joined forces with the Vidyadhara Preceptors to assault him. — History of the Xianzhou: Cloud Knights War Records"Noble successor of the Azure Dragon, bearer of divine blessings from the heavens. Traversing clouds and bestowing rain, shaping forms as the world's essence beckons."He dreamed of shouldering his responsibilities, performing the ritual dance gracefully, and sealing the Ambrosial Arbor. He dreamed of stepping into a battlefield where sharp blades and arrows fell like rain, and meted out punishment from the sky. He dreamed of being chained between jade pillars, pierced by long nails, sealed in darkness. He dreamed of wandering aimlessly in the darkness, chased by lurking shadows.In all the dreams, he was a dragon, a hero, a sinner, but never a person with love, hatred, sorrow, or joy like everyone else in this world.(Source: YouTube)After causing havoc in the Witch Forest, the queen, Yadamon's mother, banishes her to human world.  She does this not only to teach Yadamon a lesson, but also because she has a secret passion for human magazines and books.  While at the human world, the queen keeps a close watch at Yadamon which becomes a problem cause she falls asleep almost anywhere.The human world has gone extremely hi-tech.  Also, a lot of animals has become extinct.  Yadamon finds herself in the island named ''Creature Island'', where genetically re-created species are being made.  In the island she meets Jean and his parents Edward and Maria.Yadamon meets many misadventures in the human world due to her curiosity which causes a lot of trouble to the humans and her guardian fairy, Timon, who has the ability to stop time.As Yadamon learns to adapt to human world and use her powers, a new threat is brewing.  Kira, the evil witch who was sealed inside a volcano by the queen and the great witch Beril, has escaped.  She is out for revenge and has set her eyes to the humans and Yadamon.(Source: Wikipedia)Special Forces Wang Sheng traveled to the soul world and was possessed by the waste carp Yuan soul, becoming a veritable waste person in the soul world. Wang Sheng used the knowledge he had learned in the world of master spirits like Yun Yuan to pass the battle, and even found a way to evolve the waste carp Yuan soul! The sparrow becomes a phoenix, and the carp leaps to the dragon gate. Wang Sheng has embarked on a road of Jackie Chan from the sinister soul dispute!(Source: Immortal Sun Scans)Haruto and his comrades continue to fight against the forces of Dorssia. However, many things remain unanswered in the midst of battle, including the past of L-Elf and his fellow soldier's past, the destiny of the mysterious girl Liselotte, and the feelings of Haruto, Shouko, and Saki. The relationships and loyalty of each and every member of each army will be tested as the clash of ideals and power reaches its climax.(Source: ANN)"Please. I hope Kase-san likes me..."Yamada is a shy second-year high school girl who is a member of the greenery committee. Kase from the class next to hers is a beautiful girl who is the ace of the school's track team. As a result of the morning glories planted by Yamada, the distance between the two people who have never exchanged words shrinks little by little.(Source: Pony Canyon)Shima Kawauchi was taken in by his kind grandfather following the divorce of his unloving parents. His grandfather passes away in due time, leaving Shima all alone. Consumed by grief, he cries by the oceanside at night when an accident causes him to fall into the water. Unable to swim, Shima nearly drowns but is saved by an incredibly handsome merman. Seeing Shima's emotional state, the merman—who Shima names Isaki—insists that Shima take him home until he fully recovers. However, as they settle into their space together, the two start to form a bond that transcends both species and gender.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 2039, helper androids are widespread as general purpose electronics. Keiichiro lost his family in a traffic accident and retired from his band. One day, he finds an old model android in a garbage dump. He takes her home but after taking her to a repair shop he was told she couldn't be repaired so he planned to throw her away, but the next day he finds her making breakfast for him. Thus begin the summer days of a memoryless android and a dreamless boy. Kowarekake no Orgel was originally an independent animation released as an OVA. Later on it received a theatrical release that is a bit different and longer than the original. Get ready for a second magical journey to the world of Someday's Dreamers, where spellcasting is a profession that requires both the proper training AND a license. It's to get that license and fulfill a promise made to her late father that young Sora Suzuki has made the long journey from her distant home in the countryside town of Biei to the big city of Tokyo. It's a daunting challenge, but she's got a little bit of talent, a charming personality and, most important of all, the promise of an internship! What she ISN'T expecting, though, is how different life in the city will be, especially the people themselves. While she gets along with the confident Asagi, Kuroda and the gentle Hiyori, she's completely confused with the mysterious boy Gouta. And yet, as a result of their internships they keep ending up in the same situations and slowly learning to understand more about each other than they ever imagined possible!(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Recap of the first 12 episodes of Mahoutsukai no Yome.Mitokomon is the empror's trusted man with a high sense of justice. He is sent to travel around the country in order to observe the quality of life in each province and run a check on the official's performances and report back to the empror. Along with him are sent two bodyguards, Kaiko (known for his extraordinary power) and Tsuke (known for his amazing swordsmanship). The three men, traveling unknown, face lots of adventure on their journey to bring justice to the citizens and eliminate corruption from the governing system.(Source: ANN)A series of chibi-style "outtakes" from the "shooting" of the Mariamite series.Specials of Maria-sama ga Miteru: Haru released on the DVDs only.Mary Smith is a clumsy girl with wild red hair who can't seem to do anything right. After moving in with her Great Aunt Charlotte, Mary finds herself lonely and bored, until one day she spies a cat which seems to keep changing color every time she sees it. Curiosity gets the better of her and she follows it into nearby woods. Deep in the forest, the cat takes her to a clearing with dead trees and brown grass, where the only sign of life is a cluster of mysterious blue flowers that Mary has never seen before. The gardener of the estate later tells her that the rare species is called "Fly-by-Night," and is said to be sought by witches for its incredible magical power.When the strange cat returns to her one night, Mary is led once again into the woods, but this time to an old broomstick hidden by a gnarled tree. After she clumsily squashes some Fly-by-Night against the broomstick, it begins to glow, whisking her off into the sky. Her wayward journey ends at the Endor College for Witches, where she is mistaken for a new student. And so, Mary must learn to look after herself in this marvelous new world of magic, where things are not always as they seem.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dreaming of a magical world every night, the young Toramizu Ginta yearns to be able to go there. With only his friend Koyuki believing in his dreams, Ginta remains positive despite the slander he receives from others over his dreams. But his wishes are answered, as one day a large door appears in front of Ginta, summoning him to the land of MAR Heaven. In this land, the weapons known as ARMS exist. While initially Ginta greatly enjoyed the discovery of this magical world, he soon learns of the terrible wars that have once plagued MAR Heaven and the upcoming war that may soon appear.When Kenichi Kokuho was a small boy, he was lost in the mountains and never found. However, unknown to anyone, Kenichi has been brought up by his foster father in the wild. When Kenichi becomes 15 years old, his foster father tells him the truth about his background. As he finds out, Kenichi decides to go to a civilized society where his parents live. Everything Kenichi experiences in the town is a series of surprise and wonder. His family is delighted to see their son alive, but shocked at the fact that he has become wild and different from other children. And now, his new life is about to begin. His wild attitude and physical toughness cause various problems in the town. Kenichi has his own way to handle things, but it is too different for the most people to understand what he is up to. Can he get used to life in the town? Saenome are tasked with sealing spirits that possess objects and pose a threat to society. Known as tsukumogami, these spirits are generally non-violent, and saenome normally seal them after a simple verbal exchange.Traumatized by a previous deadly encounter with a malevolent spirit, Hyouma Kunato refuses to use peaceful methods and gets into physical confrontations with all tsukumogami that cross paths with him. Deeming this behavior unacceptable for a future clan leader, Hyouma's grandfather, Zouhei, proposes that he starts living with Botan Nagatsuki, a young woman whose family is composed of six tsukumogami—lest he be excommunicated.Determined to track down the spirit that took everything from him, Hyouma reluctantly accepts Zouhei's proposal. As unknown groups of evil spirits begin to jeopardize the balance between worlds, the young man must gain the trust of Botan and overcome his hatred for her mysterious family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Silent, apathetic, yet mischievous, 14-year-old Rokujou Miharu is the bearer of the hijutsu, "Shinrabanshou," a powerful technique many ninja clans desire to possess to become the ruler of Nabari. Fellow classmate Kouichi and his English teacher Kumohira are both secretly Banten clan ninjas, pledging themselves to protect Miharu from his many attackers. Keeping apathetic, Miharu attempts to reject their invitation to join their ninja "club." However, after numerous attacks, he finds no choice but to join their group as a means for his survival. Slowly, Miharu takes a step closer to becoming the ruler of Nabari.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ryousuke Hazuki is a young man whose heart has been stolen away, stopping by the local floral shop daily in order to catch a glimpse of the beautiful Rokka Shimao, the shop's owner. In hopes of getting close to her, he decides to get a part-time job at the shop, but before he is able to make his move, he runs into a major roadblock: in her apartment dwells a ghost who claims to be Rokka's deceased husband.Atsushi Shimao has quietly watched over his widowed wife ever since he passed three years ago. However, Hazuki is the first person to ever notice him, and the two quickly find themselves at odds: the jealous Shimao attempts to thwart the suitor's advances and possess his body, while Hazuki simply wants the ghost to pass on for good, allowing Rokka to move on from the past and him to be with the one he loves. As both men refuse to let go of their desires, an unusual relationship forms between a troubled woman, an unrelenting ghost, and a stubborn man in love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day Pop was out scavenging with Hana, and found a beautiful rose inside the Queen's garden. Curious, she picked the rose and brought it home. Unwittingly, that rose can cause all wishes to become true, whether good or bad. Good wishes will turn the rose white and bloom, while bad wishes will turn the rose black and wither. After a heated argument with her sister Doremi, Pop wishes that Doremi loses all her magic and be turned into a mouse. Hilarity ensues, as Doremi and the others try to put everything back to normal.(Source: ANN)Yuna Ichihara's spring break is far from pleasant, especially after she sends off her best friend Sacchan, who is moving away. But while heading home, the timid girl brightens up when she encounters a boy who looks exactly like her first love—a prince from a shoujo manga. Subsequently, she finds herself in a peculiar situation with the mature Akari Yamamoto, a new neighbor who immediately befriends her.Now attending the same high school together, Yuna shows interest in Akari's brother Rio—the same mysterious and handsome boy she met during spring break. Likewise, Akari is falling for Yuna's carefree childhood friend, Kazuomi Inui. However, love is not at anyone's fingertips, as the relationship between these four contrasting friends faces complications, preventing them from moving forward. To discover the truth between them, they will need to confront their own struggles and uncover secrets hidden among themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With no more death flags in sight, personable but dense Catarina Claes is finally able to lead a peaceful life surrounded by all of her friends and family. For that reason, she is determined to enjoy the school festival to the fullest without any concern on her mind.Unbeknownst to her, however, the story of Fortune Lover—the game she used to play—has yet to end. Even more characters make an appearance, each with their own agenda to fulfill, and new mysteries await Katarina and those she loves. Will there be any way to avoid a bad ending when Catarina cannot remember what happens next?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of the entire 25-episode television anime series with new cuts and also the unaired "True End Episode" that was included in the 10th Blu-ray Disc/DVD volume.The puzzles get tougher and even more deadly as Kaito Daimon continues his battle against the power hungry Givers of the POG. And with one team member already switching sides, will Kaito have what it takes to keep solving the deadly puzzle traps put before him and reach the fabled Puzzle of God? More importantly, will he be able to solve the puzzles AND maintain his sanity? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) Somewhere in the desert lies the Wolf Zirkus: a strange circus where Popee, a clown in a pink rabbit jumpsuit, shares the stage with Kedamono, a purple creature who wears a mask. Together, they juggle the whims of performing, practicing their acts, and poking fun at each other. In a world where anything seems possible, there is no telling what will happen next during this eccentric spectacle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short specials bundled with the volumes 1 to 6 of the Blu-ray releases of Sabagebu!Despite the destruction of the mechanization home world Andromeda, the machine empire is still swept across the galaxy and Earth has become a battleground. Having returned from his journey aboard the train Galaxy Express 999, Tetsurou Hoshino joins the resistance and fights alongside others who have retained their humanity.When the 999 returns to Earth, Tetsurou receives an enigmatic recorded message from his former traveling companion Maetel, telling him to board the train once more. Fighting his way to Megalopolis station, he makes it onto the train just as it departs. This time, however, Tetsurou is met with several mysteries: Maetel is nowhere to be seen, an ominous "Ghost Train" has appeared, and the ultimate destination of the 999 is unknown. Amid all this, Tetsurou finds himself confronted by the mysterious black knight Faust and soon discovers the machine empire's darkest secret.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Second Europa War is being fought between Gallia and the East Europan Imperial Alliance, and a penal military unit known as the Nameless is on the run from both superpowers. Deemed rebels by Gallia and also a priority target of the Empire, the Nameless struggle to find their place in the raging war. To make matters worse, the company's tank driver, Gusurg, abandons them to fight for the Empire.After liberating a small town from the Empire, the Nameless come across Isara Welkin, an injured tank driver from Gallia's Squad 7. Isara explains to the Nameless' leader, Kurt Irving, that her squad is retreating from a failed raid and pleads for the Nameless to save them. They now face a difficult decision: remain in hiding, or redeem themselves only to aid the nation that marked them as traitors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A brief summary of Kenichi's new life at Ryouzanpaku. Included as a bonus on the DVD volumes of the Shijou Saikyou no Deshi Kenichi OVA.A direct continuation of Shikabane Hime: Aka, taking place six months after Tagami Keisei's death at the hands of the Shichisei (Seven Stars), a group of elite Shikabane who act on more than just regrets. As per Keisei's dying wish, Kagami Ouri formed a temporary contract with Makina to save her from degenerating into a Shikabane. Since then, Ouri's been training to become a proper monk so that he can remain contracted to Makina and help her fight against the Shichisei -- the ones who originally killed Makina, the entire Hoshimura family, and now Keisei. However, the traitorous monk Shishidou Akasha has sided with the Shichisei in an attempt to destroy all Shikabane Hime and the entire monk organization that uses them -- Kougon Sect.Episodes which depict the background stories of "Bungaku Shoujo" Movie's main heroines.Short anime screened alongside Aikatsu Stars! Movie. The film and the short will mark the first time the franchise is screening a double feature.(Source: ANN)Takes part a while after Ikki accepts Simca's offer to become the new leader of Genesis. Shows the Battle between Kogarasumaru and Potemkine. The episode takes place between episodes 21 and 22 of the main series.Shortly before the start of a new semester, Misaki Fujioka visits her twin sister Mei Misaki in Yomiyama City. The girls make full use of the last days of summer, roaming around a heat-weary town and visiting various places including a shopping center and shooting stall. When they prowl around her basement, Mei expresses uneasiness about her new class, which is said to be cursed.Craving more entertainment, the twins decide to pay a visit to the local amusement park. But the leisure of a sleepy summer day could soon turn woeful as Mei sees the color of death on her sister—an unmistakable omen that a tragedy is bound to strike.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It has been six months since the tragic accident in Joe and Rikiishi's fight. Joe believes he has overcomed Rikiishi's death and decides to make a comeback. Joe does make a successful comeback by scoring 5 KO's by body blows. Joe is then given a shot at the national title as a means by the boxing commission to put him down. The champion, Tiger Ozaki makes use of Joe's habits and ends up making Joe's corner throw in the towel. Joe is afraid to throw punches at the face because of what happened to Rikiishi. Youko, Joe's love interest and the owner of the gym where Rikiishi trained at recruits a world ranked boxer from Venezuela, Carlos Rivera, to get Joe back on his feet and pursue his boxing career to the regional and world ranks. (Source: ANN)Wishing to be independent, 16-year-old Maika Sakuranomiya is desperate to nail down a part-time job so that she can afford to study abroad. Unfortunately, her applications are constantly rejected due to the menacing look she unintentionally makes whenever she smiles, despite her otherwise cheerful disposition.After yet another failed interview, she chances upon Café Stile, a coffee shop where the servers interact with the customers while roleplaying distinctive characteristics. The Italian store manager, Dino, becomes infatuated with Maika's cuteness at first sight, and offers her a job as a waitress with a sadistic nature. Coupled with her inherent clumsiness, she successfully manages to serve a pair of masochistic customers in accordance with her new, ruthless persona. Alongside Kaho Hinata as the tsundere and Mafuyu Hoshikawa as the younger sister, Maika decides to make the most out of her unique quirk and cements her position in the cafe with merciless cruelty![Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap episodes of Boku dake ga Inai Machi covering episodes 1 to 6 and episodes 7 to 11.Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel.After the events of 02, everything is finally getting back to normal. That is, until a strangely familiar icon starts showing up on computer systems around the Japan. And not just computer systems... TVs, mobile phones, video games; anything with a screen with online capabilities. And this icon seems to be looking for somone... Yagami Taichi, and Ishida Yamato, who defeated it several years before. Yes, it turns out that this jellyfish digimon is in fact Diablomon, the Virus-type Digimon that was defeated in the second movie. But this time, he's learned to make himself physical, and is sending thousands of copies of himself into the real world.Koushiro and Ken devise a plan to rid the world of the virus once and for all, but it'll take the help of all the Destined, past and present. Once again, it's a race against time to put a stop to Diablomon's plot... but even that is cloaked in shadow.Will the revival of Omegamon be enough to stop Diablomon a second time, or will the millions of copies prove enough of a power boost to shrug off the "Digimon Champion of Justice"? Of course, he hasn't seen the new breed of Chosen, nor the new techniques. It's a fight to the finish, with the destruction of Tokyo resting on the line. (Source: AniDB)Dr. Slump creates a little android girl, Arale, who is very strong, happy, and totally common senseless. They live in Penguin Village where the strangest things happen (e.g., the dawn is announced by a little pig wearing a basquee)(Source: ANN)Tsubasa Shiina is a 10-year-old girl who recently moved to Hokkaido to live with her father. In school, she is very quiet and unsociable with her classmates. Then one night, she witnesses a UFO crash in the forest near her home. She rushes to the scene and finds the pilot, codenamed "D.D.", in a barely stable condition. Also in the scene is a Maguar, a hideous alien that hatched aboard D.D.'s ship. As the Maguar is close to taking Tsubasa's life, an alien lifeform fuses with her body to form the Riberus battle armor Figure 17, which shortly destroys the alien threat. The life form takes the name Hikaru and turns into an identical twin of Tsubasa. As time passes, Tsubasa becomes more open to everyone around her, thanks to her new twin sister Hikaru. However, with Maguar eggs scattered all over Hokkaido, their ability to form Figure 17 is needed to eliminate all hatched Maguars until backup from D.D.'s home planet arrives on Earth.(Source: ANN)Chasing a runaway alchemist with strange powers, brothers Edward and Alphonse Elric stumble into the squalid valley of the Milos. The Milosians are an oppressed group that seek to reclaim their holy land from Creta: a militaristic country that forcefully annexed their nation. In the eye of the political storm is a girl named Julia Crichton, who emphatically wishes for the Milos to regain their strength and return to being a nation of peace.Befriending the girl, Edward and Alphonse find themselves in the midst of a rising resistance that involves the use of the very object they have been seeking all along—the Philosopher's Stone. However, their past experiences with the stone cause them reservation, and the brothers are unwilling to help.But as they discover the secrets behind Creta's intentions and questionable history, the brothers are drawn into the battle between the rebellious Milos, who desire their liberty, and the Cretan military, who seek absolute power.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nao, an 8th grader, is one of the only two members of a Digital Camera Club, where she also serves as the manager. It's a mystery that she shoots nothing else but the skies and clouds. One day, she finds a cat on a rooftop where she usually shoots her camera. It's a cat that knows how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Shocked to find a strange animal, Nao loses her footing and falls off from the rooftop!Miki is the other member of the club, and also Nao's best friend. Mr. Taiki is the teacher who's taught the cat how to manipulate the flow of a wind. Ryoko is a girl who has a huge crush on Mr. Taiki. And there's Jun, who helps Nao and Miki look for a cat that can fly. Then, there's Yukio, who is the widow of Mr. Taiki's deceased brother.On the outskirts of this big city, a town off the "Wind Handlers," has been formed—and a mysterious Wind Festival is about to begin...(Source: Production I.G)Goblin Slayer and his party head up to the snowy mountains in the north after receiving a request from the Sword Maiden. A small village gets attacked, they encounter a mysterious chapel, and something about how these goblins are acting bothers the Goblin Slayer.(Source: Crunchyroll)Van, a lanky and apathetic swordsman, is on a journey to kill the murderer of his fiancé. The only characteristic he has to go by is that the murderer has a claw for an arm, hence the murderer being referred to as The Claw Man. During his travels, Van happens to pass through the city of Evergreen, which is defending itself from bandits who aim to rob the city of its treasury. It is in this city that Van meets Wendy Garret, a timid young girl who is looking for her kidnapped brother. When the city pleads for Van's assistance to defend it, he refuses, claiming it has nothing to do with him and thus leaves the city on its own to deal with the peril. Soon after, Van comes across the raiding bandits himself and they eventually tick off the swordsman to a degree where he takes action against them for his own personal vendetta. Surprisingly, Van learns that the bandits had ties with The Claw Man, and in kidnapping Wendy's brother for a reason they did not disclose. After the bandits are dealt with easily, Van and, much to his chagrin, Wendy continue the journey in search of The Claw Man. Little do they know, however, that The Claw Man is involved with something more atrocious than either could fathom.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hiro has two loves: baseball and porn, but due to an elbow injury, gives up baseball, choosing a school with no baseball team. His childhood friend Hikari attends a different school with baseball ace Hideo. The two of them wish that Hiro had not given up baseball. Hiro joins the soccer team and meets Haruka, a very clumsy girl who is also the daughter of his father's boss. Haruka is the manager of the unofficial baseball club at Hiro's school. When the soccer team challenges the baseball club to a game, with hopes of humiliating them, the baseball club nearly loses until Hiro, disgusted by the soccer team's arrogance, switches to the baseball club. (Source: ANN)After transferring to Ishinomori Middle School, Tetsuko "Alice" Arisugawa overhears her classmates discussing a strange rumor. The previous occupant of her seat, a nondescript "Judas," is missing and presumed murdered—poisoned by one of his four wives. Amidst dealing with her mother's undesired meddling in her affairs and warding off her classmates' bullying, the troubled Alice starts to investigate the mystery surrounding Judas' disappearance.The trail of clues leads her to the house of her next-door neighbor, the quirky and reclusive Hana Arai. After an awkward introduction, Hana agrees to help Alice and formulates a plan that may lead them to the answers they seek. The two girls embark on a journey to uncover what happened to Judas, and perhaps a friendship may start to blossom between the two along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a tumultuous era of World Wars and general uncertainty for the future, Germany did not expect that his only constant allies would be North Italy and Japan. Despite being a descendant of the once-powerful Ancient Rome, North Italy is weak, useless, and overly in love with pasta. In contrast, Japan is reliable and pragmatic, but has strange obsessions that would bewilder anyone. Believing he drew the short end of the straw, Germany must think of a way to make this unlikely alliance work.To rub salt into the wound, the chaotic Allied Forces arrive, determined to stop the Axis Powers in their tracks. While they all share a common goal, none of the Allies can set aside their centuries of differences to fight as a cohesive front. As conflicts continue, these personified nations act out the events of World Wars I and II in a comedic and entertaining manner.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Team Satomi has just been deemed as the winners for the IG-2 lower league and now join the top IG-1 competition. But it's not going to be easy. Young pilots Takeshi, Liz, Amy, and River are going to have to be a team to be number 1, however one thing leads to another with these four. Most important of all, their opponents overwhelm Team Satomi in every aspect, including strategy and skill, as well as funding. One thing is for sure, this is not going to be an easy year for "Team Satomi." Every day, Naoto Hachiouji is teased relentlessly by Hayase Nagatoro, a first year student he meets one day in the library while working on his manga. After reading his story and seeing his awkward demeanor, she decides from that moment on to toy with him, even calling him "Senpai" in lieu of using his real name.At first, Nagatoro's relentless antics are more bothersome than anything and leave him feeling embarrassed, as he is forced to cater to her whims. However, as they spend more time together, a strange sort of friendship develops between them, and Naoto finds that life with Nagatoro can even be fun. But one thing's for sure: his days will never be dull again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Itsuki Hashima is a light novelist obsessed with little sisters, strictly focusing on them when he writes his stories. Despite his personality, he is surrounded by a tight circle of friends: Nayuta Kani, a genius yet perverted novelist who is in love with him; Haruto Fuwa, a fellow male author whose work has seen considerable success; Miyako Shirakawa, a good friend that he met in college; and Chihiro, his perfect younger step-brother who takes care of the housework and cooking.Together, they play strange games, go on spontaneous journeys, crack silly jokes, and celebrate each other's successes. However, each individual must also deal with their own issues, whether it is struggling to meet a deadline or coming to terms with traumatic events buried in their past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Inazuma Eleven Go: Chrono Stone is set after the Holy Road Soccer Tournament. The hero of of the moment, Tenma Matsukaze, traveled all over Japan to teach soccer to kids.He returns to Raimon Junior High School after completing his mission, but to his surprise, it's no longer the same Raimon Junior High that he remembers. The soccer club is non-existent, and the members of the champion team in the Holy Road Soccer Tournament have no recollection of taking part in the tournament. They neither remember Tenma nor the game of soccer they loved. As Tenma is baffled by this twist, Alpha, the leader of the Route Agents and captain of Protocol Omega team, suddenly appears before him. Alpha declares that he and his team are responsible for wiping out passion for soccer in Raimon along with the memories of the soccer club members: and Tenma himself is next.That's when a strange boy named Fei Rune appears just in time to save him. Just who is Fei, and why does Alpha want to eliminate soccer for good? Tenma knows that he needs to do everything in his power to emerge victorious. It's a battle that could seal the fate of soccer forever.For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.(Source: Vertical)No dream is too big for Appare Sorrano, a socially-awkward inventor living in a small rural town in Japan in the late 19th century. Fascinated since childhood by the creation of steamships that can connect people across great distances, he's learned to make machines of all kinds from various scientific texts. His goal is to sail across the sea, beyond the sky, and ultimately, to the other side of the moon.Unfortunately, through a string of events, Appare finds himself stranded in the middle of the sea on his mini steamship. Floating alongside him is a skilled but cowardly samurai, Kosame Ishikki, who was tasked to keep his eccentric behavior in check. Just when all hope seems lost, a large steamship saves them and takes them to Los Angeles. With no money or plans, they decide to participate in the "Trans-America Wild Race," which gives Appare the chance to build his own automobile, and Kosame the opportunity to use the cash prize to return home. However, against rival racers and unknown challenges residing in the wilderness, just how far will this adventure take Appare and Kosame?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Staz Charlie Blood is a powerful vampire who rules the Eastern district of Demon World. According to rumors, he is a bloodthirsty and merciless monster, but in reality, Staz is just an otaku obsessed with Japanese culture and completely uninterested in human blood. Leaving the management of his territory to his underlings, Staz spends his days lazing around, indulging in anime, manga, and games.When Fuyumi Yanagi, a Japanese girl, accidentally wanders through a portal leading into the demon world, Staz is overjoyed. But just as he is starting to feel an unusual attraction to her, his territory is attacked, resulting in Fuyumi's untimely death. She turns into a wandering ghost and the crestfallen Staz vows to resurrect her as this would mean being able to travel to the human world, something he has always dreamed of.Blood Lad follows Staz and Fuyumi, soon joined by the spatial magician Bell and the half-werewolf Wolf, as they travel to find a magic that can bring humans back to life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Going into her first year of high school, Nanami Takahashi is filled with the hope of making many new friends. After meeting the shy Yuri Yamamoto, she hears about a popular boy in their class: Yano Motoharu. Yuri cares little for Yano because of his past relationship with her older sister Nana, and at first, Nanami doesn't like his attitude either. However, Nanami soon begins to warm up to Yano and takes a liking to him. The two spend more of their time together and eventually decide to start dating. But their love is not without challenges; Yano has trouble opening up to Nanami, since his first girlfriend, Nana, died in a car accident the year before, and she had been with one of her ex-boyfriends at the time.Finding themselves living in the shadow of Yano's relationship with Nana, Nanami and Yano struggle to keep their relationship afloat amid misunderstandings and heartache with the certainty of their love for each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the vast world, planes converge and numerous races thrive. A gathering of extraordinary talents unfolds, where one after another, supreme beings from the lower planes come forth. In this boundless realm, they weave captivating legends that inspire admiration, pursuing the path to dominance.(Source: iQ)One day, the Earth was assaulted by a space pirate, Orbus. He aimed at Planet Energy, the life energy of the Earth. If several Release Points, where the Planet Energy concentrated, were attacked at once, the Earth would explode.When the first attack was made, Takasugi Seiji escaped into an old temple with his girl friend Kosaka Hikaru. Then, he received, Orin, a token of the leader of the Earth guardians, from the conscience of the Earth. By the power of Orin, the patrol car was turned into a Robot, Da Garn. (Source: AnimeNfo)Nobita and his friends gathered at Shizuka's house when they heard about the news about missing flocks of bird species. Nobita believed they were taken away by winged creatures and became obsessed on flying on his own. He created mechanical wings and upon the experiment he encountered an actual winged creature flying out of a time-space distortion. Upon helping him whose name is Gusuke, Nobita and his friends were sucked into the distortion and reached Gusuke's home, Birdpia or the world where the winged creatures live.(Source: ANN)After a routine raid, the rookie sky pirate Coud finds a most unusual cargo in his mates' cargo hold: Ren, an "Edel Reid", a race prized by humans for granting special combat power to their partners through "Reacting". He quickly discovers, however, that Ren is even more prized than he expected. The pirate ship is visited by three members of the Edel Reid Complete Protection Agency "Arc Aire", who try to purchase her. When Coud refuses, the ship is suddenly attacked by a mysterious force, and Coud's captain charges him with Ren's protection.(Source: ANN)Based on the Korean Drama of the same name, Yoo Jin falls in love with Joon Sang as a young girl. After losing him in an accident, she decides to marry her childhood friend. However, Yoo Jin meets someone looking exactly like her lost love, putting her in a bind.  The program featured 23 members of the original Korean cast voicing the characters and was broadcast with Japanese subtitles. In the prequel, Tom Komikeu (코믹톰) performed the ending song.After the death of his grandfather, 19-year-old Kazuya Souma—an aspiring civil servant—is left all alone with no one to call family. Out of the blue, he is transported to the Elfrieden Kingdom, a small ailing country in another world, to be a "hero." An ongoing war with the demon army has put the entire world in peril, and Kazuya was summoned to aid in the conflict as an offering from Elfrieden to its allies.Dissatisfied with being used as tribute, Kazuya decides to help the kingdom revamp its declining economy—not by way of adventuring or war, but through administrative reform. Abruptly declared the King of Elfrieden and betrothed to the princess, the "Realist Hero" Kazuya sets out to assemble a group of talented citizens who will assist him in his bureaucratic battles to get the kingdom back on its feet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials included with Girls & Panzer: Saishuushou Part 2 Blu-ray and DVD.Who would have ever thought that the most feared gangster of his time now spends his days as a modest househusband? Seemingly giving up the way of the yakuza, the legendary "Immortal Dragon" Tatsu, best known for his prolific skirmishes against rival gangs, has abruptly vanished. Unbeknownst to most, however, Tatsu is currently staying at an apartment with his wife, doing his best to live a peaceful life.Donning his trusty apron, Tatsu is now striving to become an efficient homemaker. Because of this, he has mastered the required skills—be it cooking the most delicious dishes, making sure to get the best deals at supermarkets, and everything in between—garnering the surprise of both of his former subordinates and enemies alike. Despite being a man with quite a controversial past, Tatsu's new way of life will only be more eccentric from here on out![Written by MAL Rewrite]The 7th Division's Private Hyakunosuke Ogata and former Shinsengumi Vice Commander Toshizou Hijikata find themselves on opposite sides of a gang war in Barato after hearing rumors of the Hidoro gang possessing an escaped prisoner's tattooed skin. With a lead to the hidden Ainu gold close at hand, the two gladly take up arms but a betrayal will force both sides to think twice before carelessly jumping the gun.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The ability to create miracles is not just a supernatural phenomenon; it is a gift which manifests in a limited number of human beings. "Minimum," or small miracles, are special powers that only selected people called "Minimum Holders" possess. The detective agency Yokohama Troubleshooting, or Hamatora for short, is composed of the "Minimum Holder PI Duo," Nice and Murasaki. Their office is a lone table at Cafe Nowhere, where the pair and their coworkers await new clients.Suddenly, the jobs that they begin to receive seem to have strange connections to the serial killer whom their friend Art, a police officer, is searching for. The murder victims share a single similarity: they are all Minimum Holders. Nice and Murasaki, as holders themselves, are drawn to the case—but what exactly is the link between Nice and the one who orchestrates it all?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, the nature of war has changed. "Objects"—massive, spherical tanks impermeable to standard weaponry and armed with destructive firepower—rule the battlefield; their very deployment ensures victory, rendering traditional armies useless. However, this new method of warfare is about to be turned on its head.Qwenthur Barbotage, a student studying Object Design, and Havia Winchell, a radar analyst of noble birth, serve in the Legitimate Kingdom's 37th Mobile Maintenance Battalion, tasked with supporting the Baby Magnum, one of the nation's Objects. Unfortunately, a battle gone awry places the duo in a precarious situation: mere infantry stand face-to-face against the unfathomable might of an enemy Object. As they scramble to save themselves and their fellow soldiers, a glimmer of hope shines through, and the world's perception of Objects is changed forever.Heavy Object follows these two soldiers alongside Milinda Brantini, the Baby Magnum's pilot, and their commanding officer Frolaytia Capistrano as the unit treks all over the globe to fight battle after battle. Facing one impossible situation after another, they must summon all their wit and courage to overcome the insurmountable foes that are Objects.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the devils see a television advertisement for Chitose, Hokkaido, Yurine Hanazono suggests that they all take a trip there. Everyone readily agrees to the excursion except for Jashin-chan; however, she is forced to tag along under the threat of Yurine's chainsaw.As the group begins to wrap up their sightseeing for the day, Jashin-chan accidentally lets a stray deer eat the ticket they need to check in to their hotel. Coincidentally, the fallen angels are also on a Hokkaido trip and happen to be staying at the same hotel. Running into them, Jashin-chan has no choice but to initiate a battle for the angels' ticket by racing around Lake Shikotsu.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having lost the Sword of Light in the previous battle, Lina and Gourry continue their journey in search of a replacement weapon. On the way, the two of them meet up with Amelia and Zelgadis in the kingdom of Luvinagard while taunting some pirates. Lina is happy to reunite with her old friends, but appearing before her is Luvinagard's Inspector of the Special Investigative Unit; a man called Wizer. However, Lina is amazed at his unusual behavior... (Source: ANN)Bundled with manga's tenth and eleventh volume.At the pinnacle of his gymnastics career, Joutarou Aragaki—nicknamed Samurai for his signature hairstyle—suffers a shoulder injury following his wife's death. Five years later, he continues to push the limits of his body as a member of the Japanese gymnastics team. However, Joutarou's strenuous training fails to show any progress. His coach, Noriyuki Amakusa, advises that he retires.Together with his exuberant and supportive nine-year-old daughter, Rei, Joutarou takes a trip to Ego Wonderland to break the bitter news to her. However, their excursion ends in an odd encounter with a peculiar self-proclaimed ninja named Leonardo. He follows them home and interrupts Joutarou's every attempt at telling his daughter.Upon learning that Leonardo hopes to witness his gymnastics again, Joutarou astounds Japan with his announcement that he is not retiring. Joutarou dedicates himself to the biggest challenge of his career to prove that the gymnastics world is right where he belongs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Birdy uses her pin-up alter ego to help Tsutomu make a love connection with Sayaka, but everything goes horribly wrong when a Federation marionette is added to the equation!(Source: FUNimation)This OVA connects the first and second Birdy the Mighty Decode seasons. Episode 01: Rito becomes a WomanLala invents a gizmo to make her bust bigger. However, this invention of hers accidentally turns Rito into a woman.Episode 02: Rito and MikanFeeling lonely because Rito is always spending time with Lala, Mikan storms out of the house. While Rito and Lala are out looking for her a few flashbacks from the past, showing Rito and Mikan as kids, are shown.Episode 03: Welcome to the Southern Resort!!Haruna wins an island resort trip for ten females. Rito gets turned into a dog by one of Lala's inventions and somehow ends up on the island as well.Episode 04: Trouble QuestRito and the girls become trapped inside an RPG game where the objective is to save Lala and defeat the evil witch Kyouko.Episode 05: Nana and MomoLala's sisters cause mischief for Rito and his harem at a cherry blossom viewing.Episode 06: Draft, Metamorphose, Hand & TailYami and Yui confront with a senior, causing Yui to lose her panties.Mikan finds Peke taking snapshots of new clothing while shopping. Suddenly, a stranger steals her bag.As Rito tries to explore Lala's cleaned-up bedroom, he accidentally activates one of Lala's invention, fusing his hand to Lala's tail. Unaired episode pre-screened at the event and later included with the 5th Blu-ray/DVD release. During the summer holidays, energetic Hana Uzaki spent most of her time accompanying her lonesome upperclassman, Shinichi Sakurai. Now that school has resumed, Uzaki's teasing continues to ramp up, much to Sakurai's constant annoyance. Nevertheless, no amount of ridicule can damage the pair's relationship—which only seems to be getting better as their college days fly by![Written by MAL Rewrite]Robin Sena is a powerful craft user drafted into the STNJ—a group of specialized hunters that fight deadly beings known as Witches. Though her fire power is great, she's got a lot to learn about her powers and working with her cool and aloof partner, Amon. But the truth about the Witches and herself will leave Robin on an entirely new path that she never expected!(Source: Funimation)After reuniting with his brothers Hei Yu and Hou Fei, Qin Yu sets his eyes on the Immortal Manor. As Qin Yu possesses one of the nine Jade Swords that serves as a key to the mansion, an inevitable battle ensues with the Hall of Nine Demons and various other sects vying for the key.Despite the tumultuous road ahead, Qin Yu and his companion Jiang Li persist through various ordeals to obtain the treasures of the Immortal Manor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Yao Shen Ji.It's Nozomi's birthday, but it is disturbed by Bunbee chasing after a girl from another world, Chocola. When Pretty Cure rescue her, she thanks them by taking them to her country, Dessert Kingdom. In this cockaigne with rivers of juice and candy growing on trees, they feel very comfortable. But then they meet the evil Mushiban and his two subordinates Dry and Bitter. They want to take over the kingdom and change Pretty Cure into sweets. In order to save not only Nozomi's Birthday but also the whole Dessert Kingdom, Pretty Cure have to fight their way against Dry and Bitter and also against their own friend: Coco, who is being brainwashed by Mushiban. TV Asahi announced a new kids anime "Kaidan Restaurant (Thriller Restaurant)" based on a picture book. Each episode will consist of three stories or "dishes": the appetizer, the main dish, and dessert. The first two "dishes" will deal with an ordinary sixth-grade schoolgirl named Ako Ozara and the bizarre occurrences that befall her classmates. The third "dish" will be a standalone short ghost story told by Ako and her friends.An Lin, an ordinary young man in the city, encounters a powerful practitioner, who gives him a set of God of War system and sends him to the spiritual world to practice. When he first arrived in the spiritual world, An Lin, who had average aptitude, was humiliated as "the strongest relationship household". In order to wash away the stigma, the optimistic An Lin improved his cultivation skills with the help of the system. With several outstanding performances, he made a group of close friends and embarked on the road of counterattack.(Source: bilibili)Compilation film for Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt 2nd Season. Specials included with the BD/DVD release of Kobayashi-san Chi no Maid Dragon.The Layton Detective Agency, a business that helps its clients solve unusual mysteries, is run by Katrielle Layton—daughter of the world-renowned archaeology professor Hershel Layton. Together with her assistant Noah Montoir and talking dog Sherl, Katrielle finds herself unraveling cases involving a newly purchased cursed house, a dress imbued with a "demon's curse," and the zombie of a client's deceased spouse, just to name a few. Aside from her more quirky cases, Katrielle has been working on another unsolved problem: the disappearance of her father. Founding the agency was only the first step in her attempt to uncover the truth behind his vanishing. As she continues to take on client after client, each with wackier and stranger issues to tackle, Katrielle steadily closes in on the answer to the biggest mystery of her life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Dragon Nest Movie 2: Throne of Elves will be released in Summer 2016.  The movie is a sequel to Mili Pictures' hugely successful Dragon Nest: Warriors' Dawn.  It will take the story of the land of Altera deep into the territory of the Elves in an action-packed adventure with more of the drama, comedy, and excitement. The film is directed by Soong Yuefeng, acclaimed director of the first Dragon Nest movie.(Source: Freedomplays)Special short to promote the release of the Love Live! School Idol Festival All Stars game.Loki, the Norse god of mischief, has been exiled to the human world for what was apparently a bad joke. Along with being exiled, he's forced to take the form of a child. He's told the only way he can get back to the world of the gods is if he can collect auras of evil that take over human hearts, and so to do this he runs a detective agency. Loki is soon joined by a human girl named Mayura who is a maniac for mysteries, and she soon helps out in her own way. However, soon other Norse gods begin to appear, and most have the intent to assassinate Loki for reasons unclear. (Source: ANN) Professor Agasa is kidnapped and the Detective Boys must use clues found at his house and in various parts of the city in order to find him.Immortality is something many people would wish for. But would it be such a coveted ability if people knew they would be subject to countless attacks because of it? Such is the case for Rin Asougi, an immortal private investigator, because there is no shortage of people who want her dead. Over the centuries, she has met many grisly ends, but each time, she returns to life as if nothing had happened.In 1990, while looking for a lost cat, Rin runs into Kouki Maeno, a man who feels that his memories are wrong. Agreeing to help him, Rin discovers that Kouki is not what he seems, all the while drawing closer to her true enemy. This adversary knows Rin and her kind all too well, and if she dies by his hand, she may stay dead permanently.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sorao is an ordinary student who lives an ordinary everyday life of a typical kid, accidentally makes friends with two aliens stranded here on Earth. His life changes as he decides to help them find a way to get home. When they do reach the aliens' homeworld, Sorao along with Miki, discovered a blood feud between two different tribes. Things gone awry as the tribes' representatives try to out do one another in search of the missing treasure of the past with the help of an uncovered clue.(Source: ANN)Percival has always lived with his grandfather on God's Finger, a remote haven that sits high above the clouds. And though he loves the simple life, he secretly longs for adventure. But Percival's life is changed forever when an intruder—who shares a shocking connection with him—tears away everything he's ever known.With nothing left to do but chase down the one who took everything from him, Percival sets out on his own. During his journey, the sheltered boy discovers that there are a lot of things he doesn't know about normal life. Luckily, he meets friends along the way who can help him get by—but how will they react when they find out about Percival's destiny... and how it's connected to the end of the world?(Source: Kodansha USA)This special will have the Straw Hats fight Foxy again in the New World on Nebulandia, an island that nullifies Devil Fruit powers.Jing, the infamous King of Bandits, finds himself and his feathered partner Kir behind bars in Seventh Heaven, the most notorious prison complex in the world. There, they seek to steal the Dream Orb from the convict Campari. But before doing so, they must escape from the prison of dreams that Campari has conjured for them. Recap of 1st Season Aired Before Nagoya Kessen-hen.Yuuta Segawa has just started his freshman year of university. One day, his sister Yuri, who raised him after their parents died, asks him to take care of her daughters Hina, Sora and Miu while she and her husband go overseas on a business trip. Yuuta grudgingly accepts, but tragedy strikes when their plane goes missing and all passengers are presumed dead. In an effort to prevent the three girls from being split up, Yuuta goes against their family and takes them in, just as his sister took him in when he had no one else.Now the four find themselves in a new and peculiar situation: Yuuta must learn how to balance his new responsibilities—as the newest member of the Street Observation Research Society, a club for people watching, and also as a father figure—while Sora, Miu, and Hina come to terms with the loss of their parents.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Count D, a quite interesting pet shop owner from an area called Chinatown, sells rare and hard to come by pets to people longing for something special, but with each sale comes a contract. If the rules of the contract are followed, everything goes fine, but if someone should break the rules of the contract, the pet shop cannot be held responsible for anything unfortunate that might happen. Leon Orcot, a homicide detective, has linked many odd and unexplainable deaths together; they all were customers of Count D's pet shop, and he intends to find out why. (Source: ANN)A one-episode story depicting the encounter between the mysterious boy Haruto and Satoshi.(Source: Translated from official Twitter account)All is well at the Tendo residence when from out of nowhere, a Chinese girl named Lychee appears, seeking revenge on Happosai for a broken promise made since her birth. Things get worse when Kirin and the Seven Lucky Gods appear and abduct Akane to take as his wife. Ranma and the gang must travel to Nekonron, China, and save Akane from getting married to Kirin. (Source: ANN)In the future, the "Metal Fight" games are the most popular televised sport in the world and many robot contestants compete for the title of Best Metal Fighter in the World. Kurenai Ken, along with teammate Saeba Shoko (who was, at first, adamant), pilots the Super Robot Fighter, Red Baron and enters the contest with dreams of becoming its champion. He must, however, face an army of other rivals from around the world including Kaizer (who is, in fact, Shoko's supposedly "lost" father, Tetsuo Saeba), the Tetsumen Tou ("Iron Fist" - a reference to the original Red Baron TV series) doctors, Tiger and ShinRon.(Source: Wikipedia)The Servamps and their pact-bound "Eves" are finally getting back to their normal lives as they recover from their injuries from the previous battles. However, when it starts snowing in the middle of summer, one of the Eves, Mahiru Shirota, suspects vampiric interference. Concerned by the strange phenomenon, he sets out to gather the group once more to try and solve the mystery; however, they suddenly lose contact with Misono Arisuin, the Eve of the Servamp of Lust.Servamp Movie: Alice in the Garden delves into the untold past of Misono and his brother Mikuni Arisuin, as well as the many mysteries of the grand Arisuin Mansion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Diego Vega returns from his study trip to discover his homeland is under the army's dictatorship. Diego, refusing to watch idly, disguises himself as Zorro to protect the weak and oppressed. Diego is not a coward but he is unable to win the affections of his sweetheart, Lolita, who is attracted to other more noble men. Diego serenades Lolita as Zorro and fights the evils of his homeland, hoping to capture her heart.Unlike many schools, attending Hyakkaou Private Academy prepares students for their time in the real world. Since many of the students are the children of the richest people in the world, the academy has its quirks that separate it from all the others. By day, it is a normal school, educating its pupils in history, languages, and the like. But at night, it turns into a gambling den, educating them in the art of dealing with money and manipulating people. Money is power; those who come out on top in the games stand at the top of the school.Yumeko Jabami, a seemingly naive and beautiful transfer student, is ready to try her hand at Hyakkaou's special curriculum. Unlike the rest, she doesn't play to win, but for the thrill of the gamble, and her borderline insane way of gambling might just bring too many new cards to the table.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the year 0083 of the Universal Century. The rebellious Principality of Zeon has been defeated in the One Year War by the Earth Federation. However, a faction of Zeon remnants led by Aguille Delaz fled from the final battle, hiding themselves away. After three long years, they attempt to rise up once more, sending Delaz's ace pilot, Anavel Gato, to infiltrate a Federation research base to steal one of two secretly developed prototype Gundams along with its deadly nuclear warhead.Threatened by the rogue Gundam suit and seeking to retain peace, the Earth Federation mobilizes the newly developed Albion carrier to recover the stolen unit. Manned by the remaining test pilots, with rookie pilot Kou Uraki piloting the remaining prototype Gundam, the Albion and her crew are determined to stop Gato, retake the stolen Gundam, and prevent the Zeon remnants from starting another war.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the future, with Earth's population rapidly increasing, humanity has developed giant orbiting space colonies gathered in clusters known as "Sides." As the elites on Earth force most of the populace into space, rebellion begins to brew. In the year Universal Century 0079, one of the colony clusters known as Side 3 declares itself the Principality of Zeon and launches a war of independence against the Earth Federation.Despite having only a fraction of the resources of the Federation, Zeon quickly gains the upper hand in the conflict through the use of giant humanoid robots called mobile suits. Chief among Zeon's mobile suit ace pilots is Char Aznable, a mysterious masked man known as the "Red Comet." When Char's squadron comes across the Federation developing its own prototype mobile suit called Gundam in the colony Side 7, his men launch a brutal attack. Amuro Ray, the son of the prototype's developer, gets in the Gundam and is able to fend off the Zeon attack. As Amuro soon finds himself directly in conflict with Char, he is forced to flee the colony on a Federation ship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Mobile Suit Gundam Thunderbolt. First-year middle school girls Mirai Momoyama and Emo Moegi are two aspiring idols who decide to use the "Pri☆Chan System," a system used by famous people and companies to broadcast content. Like many girls starting their own channels and uploading content, the pair decide to become their own producers, starting their own channel in an attempt to become Pri☆Chan idols.(Source: ANN)Specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases of Lupin III (2015).My-Otome Zwei takes place one year after the events of My-Otome. Arika is now a full-fledged Otome (though still under the tutelage of Miss Maria) and Nagi is incarcerated in a prison somewhere in Aries. The various nations are at peace with one another and plan to hold S.O.L.T. (Strategic Otome Limitation Talks) to discuss limiting the numbers of Otome.A mission to destroy a meteor threatening to collide with Earl sets into motion a chain of events which result in a mysterious shadowy figure attacking Garderobe and several Otome as well as a new, more powerful version of Slave appearing across the planet. To make matters worse, Queen Mashiro disappears following an argument with Arika. The series follows Arika's search for Mashiro as well as Garderobe's attempts to uncover the truth behind the shadowy figure.(Source: Wikipedia)With the tumultuous cultural festival behind him, Masamune Makabe continues his efforts to carry out his revenge: to make the "Cruel Princess" Aki Adagaki deeply fall for him and then immediately dump her. As his class is going on a trip to Paris, widely known as the City of Love, Masamune has the perfect opportunity to get even for his childhood heartbreak.Before Masamune can impress Aki, the two meet Muriel Besson, a French high school otaku who aspires to create a romantic comedy manga series. Muriel believes Masamune is the ideal model for the protagonist and asks for his help. The boy reluctantly agrees, dragging Aki along to provide inspiration for the love interest's character. But to do so, the two must show Muriel what Japanese love is like.To make matters more complicated, Kanetsugu Gasou is masquerading as Aki's childhood friend, Masamune, to trick and use her. With mix-ups and love rivals galore, Masamune's revenge is proving to be quite the difficult task.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After working tirelessly toward his goal of a self-sustainable NEET lifestyle, Kinji Ninomiya has finally achieved his dreams. Now looking down on common folk commuting during a typhoon from the penthouse of one of his apartment buildings, Kinji gets ready to start his new, slothful life. However, all of his hard work goes to waste when a portal appears beneath him from out of nowhere.Teleported to another world, Kinji is forced to work for a mining company that focuses solely on profits and has no care whatsoever for the safety and well-being of its employees. Refusing to live in such conditions, he begins devising plans to get rich quickly, building connections with others in this new world and making his best efforts to escape the stringent corporate life. Will Kinji be able to overcome his restraints and attain financial freedom once more?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After narrowly escaping a deathtrap, a dazed Ning Yuan finds himself confined by a menacing gangster, He Zhiyang, alongside hysterical doctor, Su Jin. However, this proves to be the least of his concerns as he comes to terms with the group's newfound desperate situation: they are trapped on an isolated island that harbors malignant viruses, horrid mutations, and hostile tribes. Meanwhile, another group of individuals in the same vicinity happen to face the same predicament. Forced to put aside their differences and come together to fight their way to freedom, the two groups of stranded victims must resist their personal motivations which threaten to get the better of them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The My Road series—Scarlet Road (2002), White Road (2003), Indigo Road (2006), and the most recent installment Lemon Road (2008)—can be read as meditations on loss and mourning. These poetic films tell their story through motif, character expression, music and montage and require repeated viewing for one to absorb the subtly evoked layers of meaning.(Source: Midnight Eye)In modern-day Japan, 13-year-old Hajime Yasaka moves to the countryside to stay with his grandfather. On the way to his new home, a lost Hajime finds himself in a cafe called Ark, where he immediately falls in love with one of the waitresses: the gorgeous Sayoko "Arashi" Arashiyama. While Arashi is initially unconcerned with the boy, her attitude quickly changes after she grasps Hajime's hand, leading her to believe they are "connected."As it turns out, Arashi is anything but a regular teenager—in reality, she is the ghost of a girl who perished in World War II. By touching a man she connects with, she gains the ability to travel back in time. Delighted to have found someone who can unlock her powers, Arashi asks Hajime to help with her mission: to save civilians from the carnage of the war that claimed her life. Smitten with Arashi, Hajime readily agrees. But as the two get further involved with Arashi's past, they soon discover that she is not the only one able to transcend time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Humans live their lives driven by ambition and greed, prepared to kill their own kind with no hesitation. Since the beginning of humanity, wars have raged on throughout the human world, with the other races watching on.A victim of one war and orphaned, Ashleen was saved by the lord of the werewolves, Muzaka. Muzaka had abandoned his duties as lord and left the werewolf clan, travelling with Ashleen to secure her happiness. However, during his absence, members of Muzaka's species began orchestrating further wars on humans, disgusted by Muzaka's compassion. A secret and powerful organization established itself in the human realm, intending to manipulate Muzaka. When he is misinformed by the Union, Muzaka starts directing his rage toward the humans. Can his only friend, Cadis Etrama Di Raizel, the Noblesse, stop Muzuka's madness?Set 820 years before the events of Noblesse, Noblesse: Pamyeol-ui Sija depicts the tragic history of Muzaka, and how it led to the Noblesse's indefinite slumber.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Are puzzles really necessary in this world?"In order to restore Jin's memory, Kaito and his friends go on a puzzle-viewing journey to England. As they're walking through the underground maze beneath the church, where young Kaito and Rook first met Jin, a mysterious girl appears in front of them.Jin calls the girl by the name "Raetsel". It seems they know each other. However, she suddenly disappears and takes Jin with her. What's more, the traps in the underground maze are activated and start coming after Kaito and his friends.(Source: www9.nhk.or.jp)The new OVA will feature the prequel short story "Snow Globe," which debuted as part of a light novel volume that bundled with a limited-edition version of the original PC game.9 of Japan's leading animators were asked to create a short segment that followed the theme of "Robots," for their inclusion in this film. Essentially, this "movie" is 9 short films, all independant of one another. The common element is human interaction with robots, namely the consequences of creating life with one's own hands, played in nine very different ways.(Source: ANN)1: Opening (Atsuko Fukushima and Katsuhiro Otomo)2: Franken's Gears (Koji Morimoto)3: Deprive (Hidetoshi Omori)4: Presence (Yasuomi Umetsu)5: Star Light Angel (Hiroyuki Kitazume)6: Cloud (Mao Lamdo)7: A Tale of Two Robots (Hiroyuki Kitakubo)8: Nightmare (Takashi Nakamura)9: Ending (Atsuko Fukushima and Katsuhiro Otomo)Sequel to Shin Chou Kyou Ryo: Condor Hero.Red panda Retsuko, worked to the bone, unleashes her frustration in the form of death metal. Lately, though, she's found another joy—getting the most likes possible on her Instagram posts. In fact, it is said that social media attention can release endorphins. As Christmas falls upon the city, Retsuko's hunger for validation only grows, pushing her to find new ways to embellish and sugarcoat her otherwise drab life for the internet to see.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story takes place two years after Aikatsu Friends! with Aine Yuuki now in high school. One day she has an encounter with the mysterious idol Hibiki Tenshou who wears the shining Jeweling Dress.Masamune, a third-year middle school student, lives in a town where all the exits have been sealed off due to a sudden explosion at a steel mill, causing time to stand still. Residents are forbidden from making any changes and spend their suffocating days in the hopes of returning to normalcy someday.One day, Masamune's mysterious classmate Mutsumi guides him to the fifth furnace of the steel mill, where they encounter a girl who cannot speak and resembles a wild wolf. The meeting between the two girls and Masamune disrupts the balance of the world, and the unstoppable "impulse of love" from boys and girls tired of their daily lives begins to destroy the world.(Source: MAL News)Originally from a big city, Futaba Ooki spends most days cataloguing her life through pictures on her phone. Upon moving to a seaside town, she gazes out over the vast expanse of sea and quickly becomes captivated by its endless possibilities. Unbeknownst to Futaba, her quiet contemplation catches the attention of local diving enthusiast Hikari Kohinata. Finding herself in the same class as Futaba the next day, Hikari is drawn to her quiet and shy demeanor and affectionately nicknames her Teko, sparking a tender friendship. Struggling to adapt to the change of pace in her life, Futaba finds herself strung along by Hikari's vast energy and passion for diving. Together, they join the school diving club, led by their homeroom teacher Mato Katori. With Hikari by her side, Futaba works to earn her diving certification while experiencing new friendships and possibilities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the first season, Tomoharu is now faced with a dilemma: if he doesn't form a contract with an "akuma," he risks losing his dear friend Takatsuki. However, doing so would compromise his own existence as it would result in him and his ghost friend Misao becoming an Asura Cryin'—mankind's biggest threat, according to their school's presidents. To make the decision even harder, Tomoharu and Misao have recovered some of their past memories—memories of a world that they didn't even know existed.After the first season, Retsu and Go have now formed a team called "TRF Victorys" which Tokichi Mikuni, J, and Ryo Takaba are part of. Together, they aim for the World Cup.In this cup, teams from all over the globe enter. Some of the teams are, NA Astrorangers (Americans), Eisen Wolf (Germans), Rosso Estrada (Italians).Black Jack is the "Surgeon with the Hands of God," a mysterious young Japanese doctor who travels the world performing feats of miraculous surgical genius. Though all recognize his skill, Black Jack is widely hated, especially by the medical establishment, because he refuses to conform to rules of any kind, and because he charges outrageous fees for his services. Black Jack's only companion is Pinoko, a child he created out of a special kind of tumor called a teratoma, who insists she is his wife.In the continent of Cruzon, an impending war between the Kingdom of Krisna and the nation of Athens is brimming. The people of this land are able to use quartz for whatever purpose they desire. Yet one person, Rygart Arrow, is not. He is an "un-sorcerer," a person unable to use quartz. But this characteristic will enable him to pilot an ancient Golem, one strong enough to put up a fight against the invading army of Athens.Five years ago, gravity-defying bubbles with mysterious powers rained down upon the earth. After a huge explosion of uncertain origin, Tokyo became ground zero, with the city being enclosed in a gigantic bubble. As a result of this "Bubble Fall" phenomenon, the metropolis that was once the capital of Japan drowned in a gravity-bending sea; the government declared it a prohibited zone, and the residents abandoned it.Children orphaned by the Bubble Fall now squat illegally in Tokyo, partaking in dangerous parkour team battles across the city's dilapidated buildings. Hibiki—a talented ace in these games with the ability to jump between bubbles—claims he can hear sounds from the Tokyo Tower. Determined to uncover its mysteries, he sets off toward the source, but he falls into the waters below.A strange girl, whom he later nicknames Uta, saves him. But little does Hibiki know that Uta's appearance in his life will reveal the secrets behind the disastrous event that changed their world forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tomoya Okazaki is a cynical delinquent who lacks ambition as he apathetically labors through high school. During his childhood, a tragedy had caused his father to seek solace in alcoholism and neglect his son. Yet, meaningful human interaction can be a benediction, as Tomoya learns when he meets the enigmatic Nagisa Furukawa. The odd girl offers a gesture of friendship to Tomoya, but he rejects the request, dismissing it as a trivial incident. However, as he soon realizes that he is encountering Nagisa more and more often during school, Tomoya drops his discompassions and befriends the girl.When he learns that Nagisa's dream is to revive the Drama Club, Tomoya decides to shed his detachment from the ordinary pleasures of life and dedicate himself to helping his new friend achieve her ambition. But what starts as a simple friendship may progress into something far more deep, intimate, and life-changing. As the pair face various hardships and afflictions, Tomoya and Nagisa gradually come to terms with the challenges of life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A full-scale action film with tastes of the "'007" series and Jackie Chan's movies. The members of the secret organization for world peace 'SML', code-named 'Oiroke' (sexual attractiveness) and 'Kinniku' (muscle), who join hands with the Nohara family and Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke Nohara and his mates: Kazama-kun, Nene-chan, Masao-kun and Bo-chan), and fight against the evil organization 'Buta no Hizume' (Pig's Hoof), who tries to conquer the world by using a computer virus. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)In a world where half-human, half-animal chimeras live and work alongside normal people, there are sure to be a few bad apples in the bunch. Unfortunately, half-human criminals means non-human clues that often leave the police stumped. That's where lone wolf detectives like Hiroshi Inaba come in. He's literally part wolf and has the amazing ability to extract critical information just by examining or tasting a sample of someone's hair! Of course, that ability has also resulted in Inaba having a little bit of a hair fetish, but that doesn't seem to be a problem for his two assistants. (Well, at least the cross-dressing one isn't complaining much.) And it's nothing compared to the strange tastes of Inaba's nemesis, the omnivorous (and half goat) crime boss Don Valentino, who has an appetite for green legal tender instead of tender young greens! Inaba's sworn to cut Valentino out of the criminal flock before the Don can wolf down more ill-gotten dough, but he's going to have to chew his way through a lot of evidence to get his goat. Can sheer dogged detective work put the baaaaad guys behind bars?(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Taichi Yagami and his friends have moved on to junior high, but by that time, they have lost contact with their Digimon partners. Taichi is therefore surprised to suddenly receive a distress call summoning him to the Digital World. Once there, he learns that Digimon are living in fear of the mysterious Digimon Emperor, who is somehow suppressing their ability to Digivolve!In the real world, Hikari Yagami and Takeru Takaishi reunite in the same fifth grade class. They share three schoolmates: Daisuke Motomiya, who reminds them both of Taichi; Miyako Inoue, a technical wizard; and Iori Hida, Miyako's neighbor. When these three children receive "D-3" Digivices, they—along with Hikari and Takeru, who still possess their own original Digivices—comprise the new generation of "Chosen Children" who must save the world once again. With the power of the Armored Digi-Eggs, they must thwart the Digimon Emperor's plans to spread his influence over the entire Digital World.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Doraemon and friends travels into another world via the time machine; where humans and robots are living together. However they soon find out that the Empress of Robot Kingdom was trying to capture robots there and turn them emotionless. As the situation goes tense, our heroes sets out to stop the Empress and her plan.(Source: Wikipedia)During a regular after-school grub crawl, gluttonous high schooler Hibiki Sakura is confronted about her ever-expanding waistline by her best friend, Ayaka Uehara. With her attempts at solitary exercise failing miserably, Hibiki decides to join the newly opened Silverman Gym. At her orientation, Hibiki runs into student council president and school idol Akemi Souryuuin.However, it soon turns out that Hibiki is in for a lot more than she bargained for. Not only is Silverman Gym full of world-renowned bodybuilders and athletes, but to make matters worse, Akemi turns out to be a total muscle fetishist! Grossed out by the scene unfolding before her eyes, Hibiki begins to leave, only to be stopped by trainer Naruzou Machio. Completely enthralled with her newfound Prince Charming, Hibiki signs up as a gym member. Now, as a result of her spur-of-the-moment decision, Hibiki must adapt to her new lifestyle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is business as usual in the massive city of Orario, where legions of adventurers gather to explore the monster-infested "Dungeon." Among them is the easily flustered yet brave Bell Cranel, the sole member of the Hestia Familia. With the help of his demi-human supporter Liliruca Arde and competent blacksmith Welf Crozzo, Bell has earned the title of Little Rookie by becoming Orario's fastest-growing adventurer thanks to his endeavors within the deeper levels of the Dungeon.Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka II continues Bell's adventures as he tries to bring glory to his goddess and protect those he cares about. However, various familias and gods across the city begin to take notice of his achievements and attempt to add him to their ranks.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nadie is a bounty hunter with an attitude, and she's got a lock on her next target: Ellis, a young amnesiac girl who is a suspect in the murder of a famous scientist. Nadie manages to apprehend Ellis, but on a whim, decides to accompany her to Wiñay Marka, a place which supposedly holds the key to unlocking Ellis's memories and her mysterious past. However, Nadie cautions Ellis that this does not mean she will go free—once Ellis has found what she is looking for, Nadie will turn her over to the authorities. With Ellis's connection to a gemstone called the Inca Rose as their only guide, the two set off on their journey south through Mexico to search for the mysterious "Eternal City" of Wiñay Marka.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A reflection on what happened during the FMA TV series.After Tamahome is reborn into the real world as Taka Sukunami, it does not take long until he meets Miaka Yuuki again, leading to their romance blooming once more. However, the appearance of Ren Shigyou—a new student at Miaka's high school—disturbs their blissful days.Resentful of the happy lovers, Shigyou uses his unusual manipulative skills to quickly become popular and rally his classmates against Miaka and Taka. As Shigyou's followers unexpectedly attack the pair, the two end up falling from the school's roof into a red light and are transported to The Universe of the Four Gods realm.Returning to the place where Taka once lived as Tamahome, the couple learns that an evil demon is behind the recent events. To make matters worse, Taka risks disappearing from existence unless he recovers his previous life's memories, which are stored in seven jewels. Joining forces with their former companions, Miaka and Taka embark on a quest against the clock to retrieve the precious stones before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One day, a huge UFO spins over Japan and crashes into a rural farmland outside Nagaoka, disrupting Tsubasa Misudachi's ordinary life. As the Gatchaman, the legendary defenders of Tachikawa City, supervise the ordeal, a peaceful alien creature emerges from the spacecraft. In the ensuing chaos, Tsubasa is given a special high-tech notebook, or NOTE, from Gatchaman founder J.J. Robinson, signaling Tsubasa's sudden recruitment into their group. Under the tutelage of fellow hero Hajime Ichinose, Tsubasa slowly begins to adjust to life as a defender of justice.  Meanwhile, the CROWDS technology, which enables users to manifest their consciousness' into a physical form, is spreading amongst the public, as well as being endorsed by Prime Minister Sugayama. However, a mysterious organization known as VAPE has gained notoriety by using unique red CROWDS to wreak havoc, shifting public opinion against the CROWDS technology. The Gatchaman, along with new recruit Tsubasa, must put a stop to their destructive activities before it's too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nearly twenty years into the 21st century, people have forgotten the existence of youkai. When a number of unexplainable phenomena plague adults of the human world with confusion and chaos, thirteen-year-old Mana writes a letter to the Youkai Post in search of answers, only to be greeted by Gegege no Kitarou...(Source: Crunchyroll)A dog named Weed happens to hear that he is the son of Gin, the great leader of Ohu who lead the dogs of Ohu to victory in a fight against monsterous bear, Akakabuto. Weed wants to find his father no matter what. On a journey to find his father Weed meets many friends and enemies. (Source: ANN)Sequel to Grander Musashi. A young but experienced fisherman named Musashi Kazama and his two friends travel around the world in search of seven mysterious objects of fantastic power called "Legenders", each one in the form of a fish. Legenders are said to grant anyone who catches them the power to change the world. Unfortunately, Musashi ends up competing with several other fishermen who share his ambition of capturing a Legender. (Source: ANN)Kikuko Misuji, more often called "Nikuko-chan," is known by everyone in her small northern town as the happy fat lady at the grill. Having lived arduously traveling from man to man and town to town for the bulk of her life, Nikuko-chan finally seems to have settled down on a houseboat docked in the bay with her daughter—also named Kikuko.Together, the pair does their best to find their place in the world. For the bold and brash Nikuko-chan, her spirited behavior easily guides her toward the earnest goal. However, for the quiet and reserved Kikuko, who is often embarrassed by her mother's antics, each day can be just as uninspiring as the last. From middle school drama to solving the mystery of her strange classmate Ninomiya, Kikuko's adolescence is full of many twists and turns.[Written by MAL Rewrite]From prehistoric times to the distant future, Hi no Tori portrays how the legendary immortal bird Phoenix acts as a witness and chronicler for the history of mankind's endless struggle in search of power, justice, and freedom.1. Reimei-hen (Dawn)2. Fukkatsu-hen (Resurrection)3. Igyou-hen (Transformation)4. Taiyou-hen (The Sun)5. Mirai-hen (Future)[Written by MAL Rewrite]After rescuing his master, Rias Gremory, from the Dimensional Gap, Red Dragon Emperor and aspiring Harem King Issei Hyoudou can finally return to his high school activities alongside fellow members of the Occult Research Club: Yuuto Kiba, Asia Argento, Xenovia Quarta, and Irina Shidou. The group soon embarks on a school trip to Kyoto. While peacefully visiting a temple thanks to Rias' spell, an attacking group of local youkai breaks the calm atmosphere. Once the altercation ends, the club learns that the mythical nine-tailed fox that protected the city was abducted and that someone has framed them for the act. Issei and his friends will now have to fight to protect the city and save their school trip from a planned disaster!In the meantime, Rias, who had to stay in Tokyo with Akeno Himejima and Koneko Toujou, grows increasingly restless to have left the perverted Issei alone with the other girls of the Occult Research Club. Beyond this vague anxiety, what is the exact nature of the feelings Rias has been struggling with for the past few months?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The mutinous Musashi has been defeated, and the girls from Yokosuka Girls' Marine High School are safely back home. However, the Harekaze sustained critical damage during its final encounter with the Musashi and may not be able to sail again. Moreover, rumors spread that the Harekaze-class will be dissolved due to it lacking a ship. Other classes' attempts to scout members from the Harekaze's crew only make the situation even more uncertain. The answer to this dire problem may be found in the sealed orders that the secretary of the Harekaze, Kouko Nosa, is to deliver to its crewmembers. But time is running short...[Written by MAL Rewrite]On their first day of high school shy Ayumi Nonomura and taciturn Tatsuki Iizuka become lost on the immense campus of Kamizono Academy. An irresistible force of nature named Torako Kageyama accompanied by her best friend Suzume Saotome appears in front of them. Led, sometimes pushed, by Torako, the girls and their classmates work through problems of school, home and adolescence.A recap of the first season of Sidonia no Kishi with additional scenes and re-edited sound effects. Ever since he was a child, Tomoki Sakurai has always woke up with tears after a dream of an angel. His childhood friend Sohara Mitsuki worries about this and decides to seek the help of Eishirou Sugata, an eccentric sky maniac. He concludes that Tomoki's dream is undoubtedly connected to what is known as the New World, a floating anomaly that scientists have failed to understand.Recruiting the New World Discovery Club's first members, Eishirou schedules a time to meet up in order to observe the mystery in the sky. That day, Tomoki's peaceful life is changed forever when a strange girl falls from the sky and begins to call him master.Sora no Otoshimono follows the daily activities of the New World Discovery Club as they begin to learn more about the Angeloids that have arrived on Earth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With Valentine's Day just around the corner, the girls of the Future Gadget Lab discover that Kagari has never celebrated the occasion before! Determined to make this year's holiday the best one yet, they all set out to make delicious homemade chocolates together.However, with many of their quirks causing kitchen disasters, this may prove to be too hard a task. Will their feelings ever reach those of their heart's desire?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a research facility hidden away on a remote island, genius programmer Shiki Magata has lived as a recluse for years. She rarely sees guests, but associate professor Souhei Saikawa and university student Moe Nishinosono still seek her out. However, their meeting is cut short when they are caught up in a locked-room murder mystery. Everything is not as it seems, and many secrets are hidden. Within an isolated facility, a seemingly impossible and gruesome crime takes place, and Saikawa and Moe must unravel the truth behind the murder and Magata's shrouded past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to poor finances, an epidemic, and famine, the once prosperous Tearmoon Empire ultimately falls to a revolution instigated by its citizens and supported by neighboring nations. The rebellion also brings dire consequences for Mia Luna Tearmoon, the empire's extremely spoiled princess, who endures three years in the dungeons before facing execution.By some miracle, Mia finds herself reincarnated as her 12-year-old self, retaining full memories of everything that had transpired. With the pain of the guillotine blade freshly imprinted on her neck, Mia is determined to use this second chance at life to avoid the grim fate that awaits her. She utilizes all her knowledge to improve the state of the kingdom and gather personal allies, inadvertently winning over the people's hearts and becoming beloved as a saint.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The film's story begins when Arata inadvertently touches "Hermes Apocrypha," Lilith's Grimoire. Suddenly, he is enveloped by a bright white light, and a girl appears before him. She calls herself Lilim, and treats both Arata and Lilith as her parents. At the same time she appears, something changes in the world. The forbidden Eternal Library awakens. In the Library is sealed the ultimate culmination of Alchemy, the White Demon Lord. The White Demon Lord plots to eliminate Arata and the Trinity Seven to usurp the position of Demon Lord. Bristling with untold power, the White Demon Lord attacks Arata, and triggers a desperate crisis where Arata and the Trinity Seven must save the world in this last battle.(Source: ANN)Bullies often target someone frail and weak—someone exactly like Yuugi Mutou. His beautiful childhood friend, Anzu Mazaki, is always there to stand up for him, but he can't depend on her forever. Katsuya Jonouchi, who is almost always accompanied by his verbal sparring partner Hiroto Honda, doesn't seem like a bad person either, despite always bringing Yuugi trouble. But most of all, Yuugi wishes for a true friend who understands him and would never betray him.Yuugi treasures his Millennium Puzzle, an ancient Egyptian artifact that was brought into his grandfather's game shop. Believing that solving the puzzle will grant him his wish, he completes the puzzle, unleashing a new personality within him—the soul of the "King of Games."Dark, twisted, strong, and reliable, the new personality named Yami Yuugi is the exact opposite of Yuugi. Upon any injustice toward him, Yami Yuugi takes over Yuugi's body and forces the opponent into a "Shadow Game." The stakes are high as whoever loses shall have a taste of the darkness that resides within their own heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]DVD beach episode of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo. Also known as episode #6.5.It was officially announced at the Dengeki Game Festival 2015 event that Strike the Blood will be getting a two-episode OVA series to be released at the end of 2015. The OVA will be an original story written by Gakuto Mikumo.(Source: MAL News)Mei, Aiko, Asami, and Nagi are making cookies at Mei's house. Knowing that the process could take a while, Nagi chases Yamato out of the house. He receives a text from Kai, who asks him if he wants to meet up at the park. When Yamato arrives, it is revealed that the rundown park was where the two of them first talked and bonded for the first time. After bantering a bit, Kai asks Yamato why he, who had always seemed to be having fun with a large crowd around him, was always the first one at the park after school. Yamato admits that he used to feel like he was a chameleon; someone who didn't have his own personality and just changed himself to please others. Kai tells Yamato that he used to hate the town, but thanks to Yamato, he now finds it to be beautiful. Kai reassures him that he is his own person, and Yamato confesses that after he met Mei, he realized just how lonely he was. Kai later runs into Megumi at the bus stop. They start talking, and Kai tells her that he thinks she's cool for staying true to herself while modelling. Megumi snaps back at him, and Kai, offended, leaves. When Momo comes, Megumi regrets lashing out on Kai and later becomes embarrassed when Momo suggests that Megumi likes him. At Mei's house, the cookies are done and turn out to be delicious. Mei's mom shoos Mei and Yamato out of the house. Yamato hugs Mei and tells her he's glad she's with him. They watch the sunset together before continuing their walk, holding hands. (Source: Wikipedia)With many of its central personnel lost in the war, the Earth Federation Government is forced to rebuild, and Brian Midcrid, president of the Unified Colonies, takes the position of its president. During an emergency session of the Federation Diet, he publicly acknowledges the existence of extraterrestrials, and reveals the events of the L5 campaign to the masses in what will later come to be called the "Tokyo Declaration." He goes on to state that these aliens pose a serious threat to humanity.(Source: Crunchyroll)The Celestial Records speak of the existence of the "Seraphim," a race of divine beings who give blessings to humanity and are offered prayers by them in return. Those who are anointed with the ability to interact with these spirits are known as "Shepherds." Hailed as heroes for their prompt appearances in times of crisis, while also being feared for their power, the Shepherds are imprinted in common folklore along with the Seraphim.Sorey is a young human who has spent his entire life living in harmony alongside the Seraphim in the village of Elysia. Fascinated by the myths of the Celestial Records, he explores some nearby ruins with Mikleo—his childhood Seraphim companion—hoping to enlighten himself about the Seraphims' history with mankind.Unfortunately, they become trapped in the depths of the historical site during their investigation. While searching for an exit, they come across a mysterious girl who desperately seeks the help of a Shepherd to save the world, which is on the brink of being consumed by darkness. Despite Mikleo's warning about making contact with other humans, Sorey decides to help the stranger, which unknowingly leads him closer to the dream of peaceful coexistence between man and Seraphim.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In recent years, problems regarding atmospheric instability have greatly burdened the Hyland Kingdom, affecting the quality of crops and the citizens' health across the region. One day, the people of Guriel discover an eerie cloud of mist hovering over their town; its severity captures the attention of royal princess Alisha Diphda.She sends her subordinate Crem to investigate the situation, but receives no news from her for two weeks. Worried for Crem's safety, Alisha departs for Guriel herself with her attendants in tow. What awaits them there, however, is an issue of unprecedented scale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chinmi is a young Chinese boy devoted to martial arts training. Word of his skill reaches the kung-fu masters at the famous Dailin temple who invite him to study with them. Through his own dedication and the guidance of his teachers, Chinmi becomes one of the top students at the temple. Eventually, the time comes for him to leave Dailin and make a pilgrimage. On his journey he faces a number of dangers that test his skills, but he also meets many people who inspire him in different ways. A chastened but determined Chinmi returns to Dailin for advanced training. But soon his skills are needed again—the Mongol hordes are nearing the temple.(Source: ANN)Viral tries to get some sleep, but keeps on having terrifying nightmares.  Can't anyone save him from his plight?After the death of his mother, Tenzin decided to leave town to live with his father in the Tibetan grasslands. Life is tough at first, until one day the young man witnesses a fight between Tibetan guard dogs and a dog with golden hairs outside the pack.Broadcasting club member Shihono Kobayashi always gushes to her friend Aoto Endou about MagiKoi, an otome game where protagonist Fiene attends the Royal Academy of Magic. But despite the colorful cast, the one character Kobayashi is most obsessed with is the villainess Lieselotte Riefenstahl. Contrary to her rude remarks toward Fiene, Lieselotte longs to be her friend. Lieselotte is also deeply in love with her own fiancé, Prince Siegwald Fitzenhagen—the game's main love interest. Unfortunately, in almost every route, Lieselotte is doomed to a tragic end.Kobayashi manages to convince Endou to play MagiKoi to practice his speaking skills. What begins as a normal playthrough turns extraordinary when Siegwald suddenly hears the players' voices inside the game! Now labeled as "gods," Endou and Kobayashi use their comments and analyses to save their beloved tsundere villainess from her fated demise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Final Season of Ultraman.Movie sequel of Wake Up, Girls!, announced at Wake Up, Girls! Festa.2014 Winter.A messenger of the Heavens has arrived in Zhao Ge, which has been ruled by the Shang dynasty for generations. The current emperor, Zi Zhou, refuses to bow his head before the gods, and declares to the messenger that he will no longer accept the tyranny of the Heavens. The gods do not take this kindly; and soon, the emperor of a neighboring land, Wu Jifa, leads a crusade against the rebelling Shang.During the battle, the Shang forces are vastly overwhelmed, and just when the capital is inches away from being taken, Zhou joins the fight. Although he breaks through the enemy ranks and makes his way toward Jifa, out of nowhere a god falls from the sky, landing right before him, prepared to personally deal with the troublemaker.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fang Han, a humble family slave, held the belief since childhood that "I would rather be a beggar than a slave", and traversed the world by himself. With an unyielding stubbornness, he broke through the mystery of supernatural powers and forged his body into an immortal body. Work hard to step into the fairyland step by step, and eventually become the peak king.(Source: bilibili)As another school year begins drawing to a close, the third-year high school students move steadily toward the next milestone of their lives: graduation. Among them are Mio Natsume, a girl burdened with lingering feelings; Hazuki Morikawa, a member of the concert band but distant from the others; and Haruto Souma, an athlete obsessed with baseball. Meanwhile, second-year student Ena Komiya seeks to revive the photography club to its former glory, refusing to let the organization be disbanded. Though this group lacks a strong connection with one another, their lives suddenly cross paths with the arrival of a third-year transfer student.While a transfer so close to graduation is unusual for most, it is business as usual for Eita Izumi. Due to his father's work, he has never been able to stay in one place for very long. But as luck would have it, their most recent relocation has returned Eita to his hometown for his final semester of high school. For better or worse, it also sparks the rekindling of old relationships left behind in the past.With graduation already causing its own share of anxieties, Eita's sudden arrival brings these students' carefree days to an abrupt end. Long-forgotten memories, deeply buried emotions, and inspiring new passions—everything is brought to light in their bittersweet final semester.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shinobu Oomiya once left Japan to participate in a homestay in England. During her time there, she became close friends with Alice Cartelet, the daughter of the family she was living with. However, when it was time for Shinobu to return to Japan, the two were able to express their sorrow despite the language barrier between them.Five years later, now a first year student in high school, Shinobu receives a letter by air mail in a language she does not understand. This letter is penned by none other than Alice, detailing her own homestay in Japan. In fact, Alice will be attending Shinobu's high school and living with her! Alongside their friends Youko Inokuma, Aya Komichi, and Karen Kujou, the five girls attend school together and learn about what their different cultures have to offer, day after day.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kinnikuman has proven himself worthy to be crowned the next king of Planet Kinniku. But at the ceremony, five other Kinnikuman's arrive, all claiming to be the true prince of Planet Kinniku. Now, a Royal Survivor Tournament is being held to decide the true successor to the throne, and with the help and support of his friends and with his recently acquired knowledge of the Ultimate Technique (The Muscle Spark), Kinnikuman fights for what is rightfully his.A TV anime version of Ghost in the Shell: Arise. The first eight episodes are an edited version of the four movies while the last two features a new arc called "Pyrophoric Cult."The plot involves the "Fire Starter" virus explored previously, and introduces the new character Pyromania. The episode will have ties to the upcoming film.(Source: Wikipedia)After fanatically playing the VRMMO World Fantasy Online for almost a year, the shut-in yet relatively affluent 15-year-old Yuna receives a bear costume from the game's administrators. The outfit, while somewhat embarrassing to wear, turns out to have overpowered stats and effects that make her character significantly more powerful. After accepting the bear equipment, she finds herself transported to another in-game world that prevents her from returning to reality.Confused and unable to log out, Yuna sets out to explore this new environment. She rescues a girl named Fina from wild wolves, who then guides her to the city of Crimonia. With her eccentric bear attire, however, Yuna stands out wherever she goes, and alongside her boosted fighting prowess, her reputation quickly rises—to the point that people give her the nickname "Bloody Bear."Undeterred by this change in her life, Yuna decides to take on the role of an adventurer and fully enjoy herself in her new world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sho Fukamachi, a normal teenager accidentally found an alien object called Unit and thus, changed his life forever. The Unit bonded with Sho, resulting in an incredibly powerful life-form called Guyver. With this great power, Sho battles the mysterious Chronos organization and it's Zoanoids, in order to protect his friends and his world. Unknown to Sho, the battle against Chronos will lead to the discovery of the origins of human, their destiny, and the Creators...(Source: ANN)Episode 0 of Long Zu.35 years have passed since Lynn Minmay had brought peace between the Zentradi and the humans in the events of Macross. Nekki Basara is a guitarist and a singer of the band Fire Bomber. Living in a less-developed part of the flying colony City 7 which is looking for a habitable planet, he composes and sings songs in the belief that music holds a greater power.During its flight, an unknown alien race appeared and started laying siege upon City 7. However, its attacks are not conventional -- instead of trying to destroy them, they steal what is known as "spiritia", rendering victims unresponsive and zombie-like. During these battles, Basara always goes out into the middle of the warzone, singing his songs and expecting friend and foe to listen and be moved by his music.(Source: ANN)Based on Rieko Saibara's humorous semi-autobiographical manga about her life raising her two children.Sasuke is the story of a ninja child that starts right after the battle of Sekigahara where Tokugawa Ieyasu becomes shogun of Japan. Sarutobi Sasuke (Jump Like Monkey Sasuke) was a famous ninja in the employ of Sanada Daisuke who fought for the losing side against Ieyasu. He was believed to have committed suicide when he was trapped in a castle, but the story takes off that he really escaped and that Sarutobi is not a name of a ninja but a whole ninja clan. (from AniDB)Fifteen years have passed since the war between humans and demons began. Dissatisfied with their slow advance into the Demon Realm, the Hero abandons his companions to quickly forge ahead towards the Demon Queen's castle. Upon his arrival at the royal abode, the Hero makes a startling discovery: not only is the Demon Queen a woman of unparalleled beauty, but she also seeks the Hero's help. Confused by this unexpected turn of events, the Hero refuses to ally himself with his enemy, claiming that the war the demons have waged is tearing the Southern Nations apart.However, the Demon Queen rebuts, arguing that the war has not only united humanity but has also brought them wealth and prosperity, providing evidence to support her claims. Furthermore, she explains that if the war were to end, the supplies sent by the Central Nations in aid to the Southern Nations would cease, leaving hundreds of thousands to starve. Fortunately, she offers the Hero a way to end the war while bringing hope not only to the Southern Nations, but also to the rest of the world, though she will need his assistance to make this a reality.Finally convinced, the Hero agrees to join his now former enemy in her quest. Vowing to stay together through sickness and health, they set off for the human world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mitsuhiko Tsuburaya lends Conan Edogawa a massive amount of manga, which Conan starts reading, despite the overwhelming quantity. Elsewhere, Kogorou Mouri is asked by the Mine family to protect the treasured sword in their dojo, as Kaitou Kid has sent a note of his intent to steal it. Upon arriving at the dojo, Conan and the others meet Yaiba Kurogane. Together, they aim to thwart the phantom thief's plans. However, Conan begins to notice something strange about the case...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Conan Edogawa and his classmates are assigned to do a class report about a small business of their choice. After discarding other possible topics, the Detective Boys concludes that it's a perfect opportunity to find out more about  Detective Kogorou Mouri's job.Conan's friends refuse to settle for a simple interview though, as they want to experience first-hand all the details of his work. Thus, they, along with a reluctant Conan and Ai Haibara, decide to tail the renowned detective for a day. However, the kids soon get involved in a grim situation when Kogorou's current case takes an unexpected and dangerous turn.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After the final battle against Gaito, Sara had given her life to remain with him. The sea world is now at peace, but only with six mermaid princesses.While Caren, Noel, and Coco have returned to their kingdoms, it should be time for Lucia, Hanon, and Rina to do the same. After all, Mitsuki Tarou is leaving for Germany, and Doumoto Kaito is heading to Hawaii. Lucia is devestated, and when things couldn't get any worse, Kaito is lost at sea! Worst of all, a strange angel named Michel has appeared, wanting the mermaids to join him. But on the lighter side, Sara's spirit tells Lucia of Sara's successor, a young mermaid named Seira. The mermaids are in for another adventure!Souzou Haran was a brilliant scientist that was conducting research on Mars. He created a form of cyborg life with the ability to think for itself. These cyborgs, dubbed the Meganoids, soon ran out of control and killed Dr. Haran along with his whole family, save his youngest son, the 16-year-old Banjou Haran. Banjou escapes from Mars on a rocket with a solar-powered super robot called Daitarn 3, which was built with the special metals of Mars. Now eighteen years old and living on Earth in a luxurious mansion, Banjou fights against the Meganoids with the aid of his faithful butler Garrison and his two gorgeous companions Reika and Beauty. Together they must stop the evil Meganoids which aspire to turn all humans into cyborgs and thus "improve" the human race.(Source: AniDB)An episode recapping Nanatsu no Taizai with additional scenes, aired before the new season in January 2018.First encounters are always memorable because regardless of the outcome, new experiences are sure to happen. For Akira Tsubaki, a young boy who knows next to nothing about girls, and new transfer student Mikoto Urabe, a mysterious girl who wears a cold facade, their first encounter takes a turn for the romantic.Through a series of strange events, Tsubaki suddenly falls in love with Urabe, and together they develop a curious bond. Thus begins the romance and mystery of Urabe, a girl who seems to have a unique way of expressing her emotions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the middle of the 19th century, Japan was still closed off from the outside world. There were just the beginning signs of reformation in the long regime of Shogun Tokugawa.In the remote countryside, on the island of Shikoko, a young boy named Ryoma is growing up in a lower-class Samurai family. A decade later, he is to become on of the leading figures to topple the Shogun's reign and open Japan to the western world.Our story begins with Ryoma, a dreaming kid of seven years. Ryoma is an honest and tenderd-hearted boy who hates any sort of violence and brutality. He is so sensitive, and a bit naive, that he often cries from pity when he sees even the simples act of violence such as another kid trampling a tiny insect. The kids and even his family call him a "cry baby". However, he is not a coward -- not a "chicken" at all. His distress comes from a desire to prevent unreasonable acts and the wrong doings in life.His older sister is the only person who understands his depth. She recognizes that her brother is gifted with a special talent and she does her best to protect him and cheer him up.(Source: Enoki Films USA)In the summer before Ren Mihashi makes his high school baseball debut, another drama is playing out at Musashino High. The short-statured Naoto Kaguyama feels threatened by freshman pitcher Motoki Haruna after seeing how seriously he trains. Afraid that Haruna will take his place on the mound, Kaguyama tries to understand why such a devoted player came to their low-ranked school, and how to build their team into one more befitting of a player of Haruna's skill.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Keiko Himuro, Chairman of the Kisuragi School, puts together an all-girl baseball team led by Ryo Hayakawa, daughter of a legendary pitcher, in hopes of proving that girls can compete just as well as boys. Their goal: Koshien Stadium, where only the best teams get the opportunity to play. (Source: ANN)Falulu is far away in the heart of the PriPara world in Puransu. The sparkle is disappearing from the idol sacred ground PriPara, and Falulu sends an SOS message to Laala and her friends. If the sparkle doesn't return, the PriPara world itself will disappear. Laala and her friends try to help Falulu, and they work together to save the PriPara world.(Source: ANN)Lime, Cherry, and Bloodberry, female-like androids called marionettes, have returned to Otaru`s side. The somewhat reformed marionettes of Faust (Tiger, Luchs, and Panther) are sent to stay with Otaru and friends to learn more about being human. Enter a seventh marionette named Marine, who has a mysterious power -- and they all possess the special maiden circuit that allows a marionette to feel emotions!(Source: AniDB)Throughout the broadcast of Shaman King, many shorts (usually referred to as Shaman King omake and TV specials) were made on special days of the year related to spirits and the like. The omake were short stories that were made for humorous effect. Apparently, all of the omake fit into the story before the Shaman Fight 2nd round. Documents of the Shaman Fight was shown with a New Year's omake as well. The TV Specials were aired after specific points of the story as well as on holidays. The specials were never dubbed in English, and, most likely, never will be. (Source: Wikipedia)Satoshi "Sasshi" Imamiya believes his life is in shambles, as only a 12-year-old can. Having lost his card collection, his childish dilemmas worsen when he learns that his childhood friend, Arumi Asahina, will be moving away.Suddenly, their issues are dashed aside for the surreal, and they find themselves transported away through bizarre worlds of science fiction, magic, and war. Any attempt to escape only catapults them into another alien land. Soon, the two come to a realization: every world is just a reimagining of their hometown. But there are two unfamiliar faces—the voluptuous Mune-mune and the elusive blue-haired Eutus—and they just might be the key to escaping their predicament.Abenobashi Mahou☆Shoutengai follows Sasshi and Arumi's comedic exploits as they desperately attempt to return home. However, when the pair unravel a tale spanning generations, they begin to wonder if the cause of their situation is more personal than they thought. Is returning home truly what they desire?[Written by MAL Rewrite]On her first day at Nishi High School, 15-year-old Hiromi Oka is inspired by top player Reika "Ochoufujin" Ryuuzaki to take up tennis. Shortly after joining the school's tennis club, she encounters Jin Munakata, the club's new coach. Munakata puts everyone under rigorous training that even puts Ochoufujin to shame. Despite the hardships, Hiromi's determination prompts the coach to select her as part of the club's main players. Because of this, Hiromi must endure the peer pressure from her seniors to become an ace tennis player.(Source: ANN) While searching for a run-away cat the twins Riko and Rimu Mikogami find a strange device that transforms them into "Kirumin." It also enables them to turn into real animals. Their older sister Nagisa soon joins them. Now the three have cute, funny and sometimes dangerous adventures.Based on the famous tale from The Thousand and One Arabian Nights, this story takes place more than 1200 years ago. The story's hero is the impish Sindbad, a mischievous boy full of curiosity, who one night sneaks into the royal palace to watch the acrobatic performances and learns that a wide world awaits beyond Baghdad.Hearing of the travels of his uncle Captain Ali, Sindbad decides to become a sailor and travel around the world. Leaving behind a note to his father, young Sindbad boards Captain Ali`s ship and-accompanied by a myna called Sheila-sets out for the greatest adventure of his life.(Source: AniDB)According to legend, Beelzebub, one of the seven princes of Hell, betrayed God and was banished from Heaven for eternity. Beelzebub now leads the kingdom of Pandemonium, where all former angels roam and work every single day of their immortal lives. A devil like him would give people chills at the mere mention of his name.But what if Beelzebub is not as evil as initially thought? What if he was obsessed with fluffy things? And what if Beelzebub is actually a woman? That is what new assistant Myurin discovers when he is hired to serve Her Majesty Beelzebub. She may know exactly what to do to keep Pandemonium running like clockwork, but whenever she leaves the professionalism of the office, the girl needs some assistance in order to function like a normal... devil. As much as Myurin can't stand being unprofessional, he is secretly obsessed with her adorable antics, and his new job teaches him that everything is not exactly what it seems, especially with the other head devils of Pandemonium.[Written by MAL Rewrite]UA High School must regain the public's confidence after the surprise villain attack during class 1-A's training session. Although some of the teachers were gravely injured in the attack, Izuku "Deku" Midoriya and his classmates must continue to learn and train, and utilize their quirks in varying environments and circumstances. Boku no Hero Academia: Sukue! Kyuujo Kunren! follows class 1-A as they attempt to finally complete their training. However, there's a masked figure roaming around the training center. Have the villains responsible for the previous incident returned to finish the job? If so, are the students ready to fight back?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The three Kisugi sisters—Rui, Hitomi and Ai—during the day run a small cafe called "Cat's Eye." To discover the whereabouts of their father, the artist Michael Heintz, who has disappeared, Hitomi and her sisters rob art galleries as the smart and mysterious thief "Cat's Eye" in the hope that his works can give them clues about his vanishing. The crucial point is that Hitomi has a relationship with Toshi, a police inspector who has sworn to catch "Cat's Eye"—and of course he has no idea about Hitomi's double life.(Source: ANN)A slapstick comedy going back to the basic, "laughable" style of the TV series. One day, the Nohara family was looking forward to having an ultra-rich yakiniku dinner, but they were put on the Wanted List on suspicion of heinous crimes because of a scheme of a mysterious organization named Sweet Boys. The Nohara family must run from Sweet Boys' pursuit but to eat yakiniku for dinner they need to stop escaping and decide to meet the boss of Sweet Boys, who is based in Atami (a hot spring/resort city in Shizuoka Prefecture).(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Uruno, a useless wolf, is on the road searching for a new place to call home. He soon comes upon a whole forest full of "useless animals"—that is, animals that don't live up to their species' usual character. After a short fight with the smoking, bad-tempered rabbit, Usahara, Uruno decides that he wants to move on... but changes his mind upon meeting Chiiko, a clumsy cheetah girl. It's love at first sight for Uruno, and after deciding to stay for her, he continues to hope that even though he's a good-for-nothing, he'll win her over someday. That is, if living with the other strange residents of the forest—including the aforementioned smoking rabbit, a sake-drinking unicorn, a near-sighted eagle, an orca that cannot swim, and a shy pegasus—doesn't get to him first.Six months ago, Lord Hugh Anthony Disward, also known as Huey, lost his eccentric grandfather, Sir Wesley Disward, who was a renowned collector of rare books. His grandfather's will states that, in order to inherit his manor and everything inside it, he must take guardianship over the Bibliotheca Mystica de Dantalian—an archive that contains forbidden knowledge—and also  take care of a mysterious girl called Dalian. As Huey settles into the manor, an old rival of his grandfather's arranges a meeting with him. Dalian, knowing the rival to be Wesley's killer, tags along and discovers that the murderer is in possession of a Phantom Book—a cursed tome that Wesley tried to seal away. When the book puts the two in danger, Huey discovers that the Bibliotheca Mystica de Dantalian and Dalian are one and the same, and she entrusts Huey with the key to unlocking the knowledge stored within her. Together, Dalian and Huey seal the book away, and thus begins an unlikely partnership as they solve mysteries caused by other Phantom Books.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kappei is a dramatically short guy but he is a master in every sport. He lives as a guest in sweet Akane's house, and he's in love with her, but there's a strange rival, her dog Salomone (Italian name) who plans evil traps to encumber Kappei. But the dog has also another function: he explains all sport rules when a new sport is depicted. Kappei is fond of white female underwear, always trying to lift girl's skirts up.(Source: ANN)In the far future, the human race advanced to space, and prospered. However, Jikushin ( earthquake of time and space ) which occurred suddenly intercepted all networks, and all the civilizations were reset. However, the human race begins to revive, and enters the prosperity age of The Second by the Transvaal imperial country which rises at the center of the galactic system. The science and technology before the civilization was reset, that is, "Lost Technology" was considered to be god`s task. And, it came to be worshiped by the priest who was called "Tsuki no miko".On the other hand, a certain guard fleet was stationed in the frontier of the galactic system. Though it was the seemingly perfectly ordinary army, the team composed only of the woman called "Angel Corps" existed in this army. They controlled the spaceship which was called "Angel Frame" which was the relic of Lost Technology. And, they collected the lost technology by using the angel frame, and carried out the duties to manage them. They were not the elite pilots, but Angel Corps was rather an eccentric person`s group. Arms mania`s Forte, costume player`s Mint, taciturn Vanilla, showy Ranpha and Milfeulle who likes cooking ... Every time, they cause a big trouble in the mission.(Source: AniDB)During the school's spring break, Kyouya "Kyoro" Shinomiya has once again been kidnapped. Upon release, he finds himself in the GJ Club room, together with his captors, the cute GJ club members. At first glance, Kyoro does not see anything out of the ordinary in the club room, but as he gazes out of the window, he realizes that they are no longer in Japan but in New York![Written by MAL Rewrite]Shoko and Maiko Ougi are apparently two ordinary schoolgirls in pursuit of graduating and having fun. Shii-chan is the more serious while Mai-chan is more fun-loving. In reality, the two sisters are powerful exorcists from the Karura temple. Each wields half the power... Shii-chan can "see" the spirits, and Mai-chan can banish them. This is a spooky series with heavy emphasis on traditionally Japanese occult themes. (Source: AnimeNfo)Episodes included in the manga's seventh and tenth volumes.Following a cataclysmic nuclear war, the world teeters on the brink of complete destruction. Civilization is polarized into a degenerate society where opposing packs of marauding scavengers prey on helpless, homeless nomads. For those who are lucky enough to survive the constant brutality and danger, it is a bleak existence. Life an death blur into abstractions. The only hope left for mankind is to find a hero worthy of becoming the next "Fist of the North Star" - an enlightened warrior - who is capable of leading those with the will to survive out of this barrenness into a new world. But in this savage no-man's land of shifting loyalties and power-hungry demi-gods, heroes are in short supply. (Source: AniDB)Matsumoto-san owns an innocent dog and an adorably devious cat. Laughing and crying ensue as they all live daily life together.(Source: MAL News)Kawahira Keita is a descendant of a historic Inukami tamer family; however, because he lacked in its ability, he was forsaken by the family. One day, an Inukami named Youko came. She looked graceful, obedient, above all, beautiful. Soon he contracted with her, and she paid homage to him. However, she was a problematic Inukami that no one had been able to control.This is a slap stick comedy of an Inukami Tamer, Keita and an Inukami, Youko. Keita is a man of worldly passions, and he likes money and girls very much. On the other hand, Youko likes to destroy things and is very jealous.(Source: AnimeNfo)Recaps of the JoJo no Kimyou na Bouken: Ougon no Kaze series. Kujo Jotaro is a normal, popular Japanese high-schooler, until he thinks that he is possessed by a spirit, and locks himself in prison. After seeing his grandfather, Joseph Joestar, and fighting Joseph's friend Muhammad Abdul, Jotaro learns that the "Spirit" is actually Star Platinum, his Stand, or fighting energy given a semi-solid form. Later, his mother gains a Stand, and becomes sick. Jotaro learns that it is because the vampire Dio Brando has been revived 100 years after his defeat to Jonathan Joestar, Jotaro's great-great-grandfather. Jotaro decides to join Joseph and Abdul in a trip to Egypt to defeat Dio once and for all. Centuries ago, Kanna, a princess and the last of a winged race, was held prisoner in a castle as she was feared by the rest of the world. However, when she met a soldier named Ryuuya, she fell in love with him and told him of her wishes to see the outside world and to find her mother. Ryuuya attempted to fulfill these wishes. However, his efforts were in vain as Kanna was sealed in the sky through magic and cursed to be in pain for all eternity.Hundreds of years later, Yukito, a decendant of Ryuuya, comes to a quiet town one week before their annual festival with hopes that he can make some money. However, when he meets an unusual girl called Misuzu, he is reminded of what his mother once told him—"When you go out on your journey, if you find the winged girl's re-incarnation, you must use your power to set her free."Yukito and Misuzu's fates soon become intertwined with each other, with each developing feelings for the other. However when Yukito realizes Misuzu's connection to the past, he must decide on whether to leave, or to attempt to break the curse that has bound Kanna in centuries of pain.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For high schooler Kei—and for at least forty-six others—immortality comes as the nastiest surprise ever.Sadly for Kei, such a feat doesn't make him a superhero. In the eyes of both the general public and governments, he's a rare specimen who needs to be hunted down and handed over to scientists to be experimented on for life—a demi-human who must die a thousand deaths for the benefit of humanity.(Source: Vertical)Aileen Lauren Dautriche's life changes forever on the day her engagement with the crown prince Cedric Jeanne Elmir is nullified so he can be together with Lilia Rainworth. The event triggers Aileen's memories from her past life—she has been reincarnated in an otome game as the villainess, who is destined to die in the final act. To prevent her predetermined demise, Aileen has only one option: to court the game's last boss, Claude Jeanne Elmir—the proclaimed "Demon King" and Cedric's half-brother—and marry him.However, it is easier said than done, as Claude distrusts her intentions. Instead of giving up, Aileen adamantly tries to win his heart by helping Claude fulfill his wish: to build peace between humankind and demonic beasts. But time is running out, and it is up to Aileen to change the course of not only her tragic ending but Claude's as well.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to the official website, two-volume OVA of Amagami SS will be distributed to those who purchase all the volumes of the DVD/Blu-rays of the TV series. The first volume will carry three short episodes of Haruka, Kaoru and Sae. The second volume will contain Ai, Rihoko and Tsukasa’s episodes.Returning from their internships, the students of Class 1-A are immediately thrown into more training by their homeroom teacher, Shouta Aizawa. For this exercise, the class will be joining four students from Isamu Academy High School to compete in a survival game. Split up into groups of four, students must either eliminate each other or stay hidden until time runs out to win. The training also acts as a reunion between Tsuyu Asui and her friend from middle school, Habuko Mongoose. However, not all the students from Isamu are friendly—Katsuki Bakugou almost instantly picks a fight with Romero Fujimi. The conflict between the two leads Romero to angrily release his Quirk, a gas which zombifies anyone it comes in contact with. How will the remaining students deal with the situation after most of the people around them turn into zombies?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Oosawa Maria is a Japanese photographer currently working in Shanghai, China. Along with her partner Mino, she searches for potential newsworthy stories throughout the city. When strange events occur at a local festival, Maria and Mino immediately investigate. Quickly, the two are immersed in a battle between unknown masked men and a strange, white-haired woman. Just when Maria is about to be caught in the crossfire, an old friend by the name of Canaan appears and helps Maria escape. But a sinister plot over a deadly virus soon develops, and Canaan learns she must confront her past if she wants any chance at stopping the perpetrator and saving her friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode 13 of Choujigen Game Neptune: The Animation, included in the 7th BD/DVD volume.Kuro is just an ordinary cat who only wants to protect his owners who are an old couple that can't fend for themselves. One day while on a date with his girlfriend Pooly who is a dog, he is kidnapped by an evil scientist and turned into a robot. Kuro somehow removes the chip that controlled him and notices that people get scared with his new robotic appearance and that he can now talk like a human. He decides to disguise himself with the skin of a stuffed toy and to continue living as a pet.(Source: ANN)After Makoto Naegi and his fellow survivors escaped Hope's Peak Academy to the world beyond, they soon join the Future Foundation, an organization dedicated to combating despair. Just when all seems to be looking up, Naegi is arrested and tried for betrayal due to defending a malicious group of Remnants of Despair. Standing before all of the Future Foundation executives, he finds himself, along with Kyouko Kirigiri and Aoi Asahina, facing an unknown fate.The matter at hand only escalates when the organization's supposedly impenetrable security is hacked into by a familiar face: Monokuma. Much to Naegi's horror, the mechanical bear immediately announces the beginning of a new killing game, as moments later, the first victim appears as a signal for despair to resume its brutal conquest.Naegi, the Super High School-Level Lucky Student, must once again unravel the mystery as his colleagues and friends begin falling around him. However, there are no more class trials; among the 16 desperate participants, there is only one killer—and their death means the end of this infernal game.[Written by MAL Rewrite]High school student Kaname Sudou receives an invitation from a classmate to play Darwin's Game, a mobile game he has never heard of. However, as soon as he opens the application, a green snake suddenly pops out from his phone screen and bites his neck, leaving him unconscious. Waking up in the infirmary without any signs of a snake bite, he is told by the school to take the rest of the day off. Although he is puzzled by what has happened, he dismisses the surreal experience as a hallucination and boards the train home.Unfortunately, his curiosity gets the better of him and he uses the application once again. As the application appears to be just like any other battle game, Kaname breathes out a sigh of relief and decides to start his first match. However, the pleasant surprise is short-lived, as his in-game opponent unexpectedly appears right in front of him and attempts to hunt him down with a knife.As he desperately runs for his life, Kaname puts two and two together and realizes that Darwin's Game is not an ordinary game, but rather, it's a brutal fight for survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita and Doraemon travel into the future to see whether or not Nobita will marry Shizuka. Once they arrive, they find out that instead of travelling to the day of the wedding, they travelled to the day before the wedding. Afterwards, the pair follow the future Nobita and his friends as they try to return a lost cat to its owner.(Source: ANN)In a land where no magic is present. A land where the strong make the rules and weak have to obey. A land filled with alluring treasures and beauty, yet also filled with unforeseen danger. Three years ago, Xiao Yan, who had shown talents none had seen in decades, suddenly lost everything. His powers, his reputation, and his promise to his mother. What sorcery has caused him to lose all of his powers? And why has his fiancee suddenly shown up?(Source: wuxiaworld.com)A special anime featuring Goku and Freeza screened at the Tokyo Skytree.The prologue of ef - a tale of melodies.Yousei-tachi no Batsu Game (Fairies' Penalty Game)Following the Grand Magic Games' undecided outcome, Fairy Tail master Makarov Dreyar finds another way to settle the winner: Team A and Team B will play rock-paper-scissors. The victors can order whatever they want the losers to do. Under these conditions, Laxus Dreyar sends Natsu Dragneel and his team on an impossible mission to retrieve a lost stone.Natsu vs. MavisAs the Fairy Tail girls soak in the hot water together with their first master, Mavis Vermillion, they notice that despite the pleasant atmosphere in the bathhouse, Mavis is gloomy. When Warrod Sequen unexpectedly appears, he shares a century-old story about Mavis burying a secret treasure. While Natsu and his team set out to find the treasure to remind Mavis of the good old days, a dispute between Fairy Tail's original members comes to light.Yousei-tachi no Christmas (Fairies' Christmas)Fairy Tail members help their beloved city of Magnolia get into the holiday spirit. After a long day of hard work, Natsu and his friends gather to celebrate Christmas with alcohol and games, which soon escalates in real Fairy Tail fashion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A boy, Tsuwabaki Daiya found a black fire in an ocean when he and his father were in a small boat. A big monster came out of the fire, and the father and the crews were disappeared into the sea. When he was about to become the next victim, a large mecka dragon appeared and saved him.5 years later since then, Daiya becomes a junior high school student. A big monster reappear, and he meets the mecha dragon,"Daiku Maryu". The head of the dragon separates from the body, and it turns into the body of a super robot, Gaiking. He gets in Gaiking, fights against the monster, and beats it.He learns that there is an enemy that plots to conquer the world, and he leaves for another world, Darius, to stop the plot. (Source: AnimeNfo)In her first life, the renowned and genius surgeon Dr. Aoi Takamoto was Elise de Clorance, a villainess of noble descent. Elise's selfishness, insolence, and obsessive love for her fiancé—Prince Linden de Romanoff—led to the deaths of her family members and, eventually, herself. Only after being reborn did Elise realize the error of her ways and decide that, instead of ruining lives, she would devote herself to saving them. But a tragic airplane crash robs her of her dreams too soon.By a miracle, Elise wakes up in her original body before her official engagement to Linden. Recognizing the chance to cherish her loving family and free Linden from an unwanted marriage, Elise wishes to use her advanced medical knowledge to continue down the path of saving lives. In a deal with the emperor, Elise is given only six months to prove that her true place is not on the throne, but rather with the wounded and ailing who desperately need her help.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mini episodes bundled with Blu-rays and DVDs.Second season of Goblin Slayer.The continent of Atlatan once again finds itself devoured by the flames of war after a horrific event known as the Great Hall Tragedy. What was supposed to be a joyful occasion that would establish peace between the Fantasia Union and the Factory Alliance, the marriage of Sir Alexis Douse and Lady Marrine Kreische, was instead a tragedy. As the bride and groom walked down the aisle, the ceremony was suddenly interrupted by a powerful convergence of "Chaos," a dark energy from another dimension that corrupts the land and brings forth monsters and demons into the world. From within that energy appeared the Demon Lord of Diabolos, an evil being who instantly murdered the archdukes of both factions, shattering any hope for peace between them.Having failed to prevent this disaster, Siluca Meletes, an Alliance mage, is traveling through the Chaos-infested countryside to study under a master magician. When she is intercepted by a group of soldiers working with the Federation, Siluca is rescued by Theo Cornaro, a young warrior carrying a mysterious "Crest," a magical symbol that gives its wielder the ability to banish Chaos. Bearing no allegiance to a specific domain, Theo hopes to attain the rank of Lord so that he can liberate his home town of Sistina from its tyrannical ruler and the Chaos spreading within it. Impressed by his noble goal, Siluca enters into a magical contract with Theo, and the two embark on a journey to restore balance to their war-torn land.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special bundled with the Blu-ray/DVD volume of Grisaia no Meikyuu.Fifty years ago, malevolent stones known as Dark Brings brought about the "Overdrive," a calamitous event that destroyed one-tenth of the world. In the present day, the nefarious organization Demon Card seeks the Dark Brings' power for their all but innocent intentions. Haru Glory, a sword-wielding silver-haired teenager, inherits the title of Rave Master: the person who wields the power of the legendary Rave Stones, artifacts capable of destroying the Dark Brings. However, the many Rave Stones were scattered across the globe as a result of the Overdrive, allowing Demon Card to continue their malpractices. Groove Adventure Rave follows Haru, his strange dog Plue, the fiery blonde Ellie, and the infamous thief Musica, as they embark on a great journey that will take them around the vast world, searching for the Rave Stones that will finally end Demon Card's injustice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short episodes included with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes. Akio Honjou is a high school student with a special gift for music. He can perfectly recall any piece of music that he has heard only once. One day, as he tries to reproduce a particularly soothing piano melody, he unexpectedly meets Juri Makina—the girl whose cell phone had spontaneously played the tune earlier in class.If art is the only way to truly know what landscapes populate others' inner worlds, then can this particular tune pave the way for Akio to begin to understand the more intellectual and emotional aspects of his captivating classmate, Juri?[Written by MAL Rewrite]For the regular cells of the human body, life consists of countless repetitive tasks. They spend every day multiplying, leaving little time for other activities. But one day, this monotony is abruptly interrupted by a cell with an odd-looking hat. Tired of unending drudgery, another cell named Ippan Saibou decides to join this quirky stranger for a day of pranks, jokes, and mischief.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For 500 years, the Taboo Emperor, Arthur Gaz, ruled the Gaz Empire with an iron fist and conducted inhumane experiments on his own people. But his reign came to an end five years ago, when mighty warriors—later known as the Eight Heroes—defeated him in a battle for the capital. His death ended the 300-yearlong war between the Gaz Empire and the alliance of six nations.In the present day, Tooru Acura is a former saboteur from the war who has difficulty settling into the peaceful world, as he cannot find a job where he can put his fighting skills to use. An opportunity appears before him, however, when he meets a white-haired Wizard named Chaika Trabant. With a coffin on her back, she is searching for the scattered remains of her father in order to give him a proper burial, and she hires Tooru and his adoptive sister Akari to help her. However, the six nations alliance, which have now formed the Council of Six Nations, dispatches Albéric Gillette and his men from the Kleeman Agency to pursue and apprehend the late Emperor Gaz's daughter—Chaika.With the shocking revelation of Chaika's identity, the Acura siblings must choose between helping her gather the remains of the tyrannical emperor and upholding the peace the continent strives to maintain.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Jack Knife Edge Town is as edgy as it sounds, and it's up to Inferno Cop to stop that edge from tearing his city apart. He's both law and outlaw, dispensing ungodly justice to evildoers like a candy machine. Lowlifes, gangsters, and even hellspawn all infest Inferno Cop's hunting ground, but that's the good news. The bad news? Prior to the story, his family was brutally murdered by Southern Cross, a shady organization that made the worst mistake imaginable by doing so. Now, Inferno Cop's limiters have been removed and his mercy rung more dry than the entrails of his victims. Something is welling up in Inferno Cop's city, however, and soon he'll face the most daunting gauntlet of his life involving him literally falling into and escaping from Hell. A flaming head won't be enough to ward off the true evil that's rapidly approaching—Inferno Cop must call upon all his allies and his own wacky antics to conquer the trials that await him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 1999. Amamori Hajime is just a normal, everyday elementary school student, trying to study and hanging out with his crazy pals. But then one day as his father is testing a piece of equipment he has been working on, something causes it to blow up, taking the house with it! Now orphaned, Hajime is taken in by his uncle, who is an astronomer. There at his uncle's observatory, he meets a girl he's seen before and developed somewhat of a crush on. He finds out her name is Yukino Yayoi, and her parents run a ramen shop in town. But even better than that, she's his uncle's assistant! What luck! But Yayoi isn't exactly what she seems. There is a reason she helps out Amamori-san at the observatory. She is the Millennial Queen (Sen-Nen Joou), specially chosen by her home planet, LaMetal, to go to Earth and help prepare for the possible annihilation of the planet. What will cause this disaster? LaMetal has an extremely elliptical orbit, which sends it very, very near Earth every 1000 years. When it gets close enough, the earth reacts, causing all sorts of natural disasters. Although she was chosen with the idea of protecting LaMetal in mind, her personal plan is to evacuate as many humans as she can to LaMetal, so if their planet is destroyed, they will survive. However, there is one person who strives to stop her plan, the head of the Millennial Theives. Why does he want to stop Yayoi? And how does he know about the Millennial Queen, anyway? (Source: AniDB) Ayumu Narumi has lived all his life in the shadow of his famous detective brother, Kiyotaka. However, Kiyotaka disappeared two years ago, leaving behind his wife Madoka and Ayumu himself, along with a cryptic message about the "Blade Children."One day, a girl at Ayumu's school suddenly dies. What seemed like a suicide at first glance turns out to be a murder, and Ayumu is the prime suspect. While investigating the person responsible for framing him, he discovers that the mysterious Blade Children are involved—and they somehow know Kiyotaka personally. Ayumu soon finds out just how dangerous the Blade Children are and learns that, in reality, he and Kiyotaka are intertwined more closely than he had ever believed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kyon has found himself dragged through many adventures as of late—all because of the SOS Brigade club and its excitable leader, Haruhi Suzumiya. He has stopped believing in the supernatural long ago, but after being forced to join this club based solely on that, he has seen things that cannot be explained logically. Joining Kyon on his various misadventures is the shy and soft-spoken Mikuru Asahina, the bookish Yuki Nagato, and the ever-cheerful Itsuki Koizumi. Whether it is summer vacation or a school festival, things involving their club and Haruhi herself always end up becoming strange.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hatching an original idea is not always easy for the Heaven's Design Team. With a meticulous client such as God, even the most confident of its members may doubt their ability to create a perfect creature that satisfies his demands. The whole team is then put to the test when God requests a single animal possessing five particular qualities. This strange animal may be one of the design team's biggest jobs yet![Written by MAL Rewrite]Devastated over losing his only child in a car accident, Dr. Umatarou Tenma, the director of the Ministry of Science, mobilizes the institution's entire staff to create Atom: an ultimate technology robot made in his late son Tobio's exact image. Aside from unmatched power and intelligence, the robot also possesses the innocence and playfulness of a young boy.However, Atom fails to meet Tenma's expectations when the latter realizes that Tobio's replacement cannot grow. Unable to recognize Atom for what he is, Tenma wishes to forget the whole affair. Dismissing the feelings of what he considers just a machine, he cruelly sells the android to a robot circus that treats its performers as merely disposable tools. Despite his predicament, Atom shows kindness to his wretched kin and humans alike, sparing no effort in times of crisis to keep everyone safe.Soon, fortune smiles on the mechanical boy, as Dr. Ochanomizu—a visionary who fights against the abuse of robots—frees him from the circus. Under Ochanomizu's guidance and with a chance to forge a path in their mixed human-robot society, Atom fights tirelessly to make the world a peaceful place while also discovering its vast complexity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifteen-year-old Ranze Etou lives a normal life for any girl her age—except for the fact that she resides in a castle with a vampire father and a werewolf mother who constantly worry about her lack of powers.On her first day at a new school, Ranze meets the beautiful Shun Makabe and falls head over heels for him. While he remains oblivious, this does not stop Yoko Kamiya, the daughter of a yakuza boss, from becoming jealous. Furthermore, Ranze's parents despise the idea of her dating a human. On top of all that, Ranze has to cope with the manifestation of a new power—the ability to shapeshift into anything she bites![Written by MAL Rewrite]Mihira Sanpei talks with a Tohou accent and is a down-to-earth boy with a cheerful and optimistic personality. However, when it comes to fishing, he becomes very serious and is a youth who enjoys fishing more than anything else. The village where he lives in is a natural environment which provides different kinds of fishing challenges. Despite his lack of experience, Sanpei has a first-rate sense with regards to fishing and decides to maxmise his potential by entering into different fishing contests. As he faces various challenges, he learns to solve difficult problems and learn from his mistakes to the extent that he is able to fish anything out of the waters. Along the way, he encounters all kinds of rivals and companions who increase his experience points and help him in his growth.(Source: ANN)Unaired episode included in the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volumes.Haruka is busy working at the agency so she can't help the idols with the preparations for the Christmas Party held by Shining Agency. A lot of memories and information are revealed while Starish is preparing for the party.After a crushing rejection, the heartbroken Youta Moteuchi trudges home. On his way, a dimly lit video store catches his eye, and he ends up purchasing a "video girl" tape meant to ease the hearts of lonely men. However, when he tries to play it in his broken VCR, a beautiful girl leaps out of his TV and lands on his bed. Calling herself Ai Amano, she looks like a golden opportunity for Youta to finally experience true love—that is, until her personality, now troubling thanks to the broken VCR, shows through. Despite her flaws, however, Ai wholeheartedly promises she will ensure Youta finds happiness and true love in his life.Video Girl Ai follows the daily life of a teenage boy and his pursuit of a fulfilling romance. With the help of his virtual guardian angel, Youta sets forth to find the girl of his dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the end of the calendar 2020, the continent of Stern, which has reached the end of civilization due to the exhaustion of magic elements, ushered in the destruction of the continent under the void storm. Ye Xuan, the last god of law in the mainland, unexpectedly awakened in the era of the prosperous magic civilization three thousand years ago and became an ordinary student at the Sith Magic Academy on the border of the Kingdom of Orlando in the northwest of the mainland. In order to save the mainland and prevent the end from coming, Ye Xuan began to explore the mystery of the dark turmoil that led to the depletion of magical elements in the mainland three thousand years ago, to prevent the mainland crisis.(Source: Donghua Info)Masane Amaha and her daughter Rihoko are on the run from a government child welfare agency that wants to take Rihoko away from her mother. They are caught and Rihoko is taken away. Meanwhile, Masane is attacked by an advanced weapon that can disguise itself as a human being. When faced with the danger, a strange light emits from her wrist and she transforms into a powerful being. She destroys the weapon and consequently becomes involved in a power struggle between powerful organizations, with her at the center of their attention. Because she holds the greatest power of them all, the legendary Witchblade.(Source: AniDB)Believing Qin Yu to be dead, his family sets out to avenge him; elsewhere, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei find themselves in an unfamiliar place. While adjusting to this new environment, they encounter a talking cat, which gives him a book with the answers to all his questions. With this book, he learns of Stellar Transformation, a mysterious cultivation method often mentioned in stories to children.Using this newfound technique, Qin Yu and Xiao Hei set out to the Boundless Ocean to further cultivate. Though their journey is not smooth, they gain new allies and reach new heights.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the 1960s, a gifted young medical student tries to make a name for himself. Kuroo Hazama is a reserved young man with unusual black-and-white hair, a body covered with scars, and a dark past. Despite only being a medical student, his surgical brilliance starts to attract attention after he completes a seemingly impossible operation. Together with the spirited and honest intern Maiko Okamoto and Yabu, a close friend with a troubled life, Hazama devotes himself to the world of medicine. However, his path to becoming a respectable surgeon is a difficult one as student riots, war, and corruption are consuming Japan. Hazama quickly finds himself caught up in a series of nefarious circumstances that challenge his integrity as a person and his path towards becoming a surgeon. Young Black Jack chronicles the story of a man capable of performing unthinkable feats of medicine, and the journey that leads him to become the legend known as Black Jack.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Louise Françoise Le Blanc de La Vallière is a self-absorbed mage in a world of wands, cloaks, and royalty. Although she studies at Tristain Academy, a prestigious school for magicians, she has a major problem: Louise is unable to cast magic properly, earning her the nickname of "Louise the Zero" from her classmates.When the first year students are required to perform a summoning ritual, Louise's summoning results in a catastrophic explosion! Everyone deems this to be yet another failure, but when the smoke clears, a boy named Saito Hiraga appears. Now Louise's familiar, Saito is treated as a slave, forced to clean her clothes and eat off the ground. But when an unfamiliar brand is found etched on Saito's hand from the summoning ritual, it is believed to be the mark of a powerful familiar named Gandalfr.Wild, adventurous, and explosive, Zero no Tsukaima follows Saito as he comes to terms with his new life and as Louise proves that there is more to her than her nickname suggests.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season in the Kaitou Joker anime series.The thief Mysterious Joker doesn't just steal things. An audacious and elusive miracle-maker, he travels the world searching for treasure with his partner and cook Hachi. As they circle the globe, they must avoid traps set by the police and compete in various competitions to reach their final goal, the Timeslip Treasure.(Source: ANN)While walking home, Mikiya Kokutou comes across a familiar sight: Shiki Ryougi standing by a railing amidst the falling snow, just as when he first met her four years ago. While the two talk of their past and shared experiences, Mikiya realizes that something is strange about Shiki; rather, this is not the woman he has come to know, but an entirely different entity that dwells within Shiki's body...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sergeant Keroro and his four subordinates came from the planet Keron to the Earth to conquer. However, without notice, they began to enjoy the life on the Earth. Keroro was supposed to stay with Hitana to get the chance to conquer the Earth, but he became friend with Hinata's son, Fuyuki.Today, as usual, Keroro goes to buy his favorite Gundam plastic model with Fuyuki. On their way home, they find a small shrine, and enter. There, they find a vase, and happens to break it. Since the next day, strange things happen all over the town and people are in panic. Inside the vase, Kiruru, Keron's ancient ultimate weapon was sealed. At the moment, Mirara who holds the secret of the Kiruru appears and informs them of the only method to save the Earth. However...(Source: AnimeNfo)Four TV Specials compiled from Kidou Senshi Gundam SEED Destiny series.1. The Broken World (Kudakareta Sekai)2. Respective Swords (Sorezore no Ken)3. The Hell Fire of Destiny (Sadame no Goka)4. The Cost of Freedom (Jiyuu no Daishou)Like the three specials of Gundam Seed, these specials feature new or changed scenes of the TV series. However unlike the TV series, which was told in the points of view of main characters Shinn Asuka and Kira Yamato, the Special Edition was told through the eyes of Athrun Zala, giving the movies a much more neutral point of view.(Source: Wikipedia)Special included on Kuroko no Basket Fan Disc 2: Hikari Sasu Basho e. In the not-too-distant future, the human world has long been overpopulated. Humanity marched to the stars in search of a new home, and just as this was going on, the moon's alignment caused massive earthquakes to ripple across the world, lasting several decades. Humanity was demolished. When the land finally recovered, humanity reemerged to face this strange yet familiar world. Will we, who once lorded over this domain, still remain the masters of this world?(Source: Yu Alexius Anime Portal)Second season of Luo Xiao Hei Zhan Ji.The infamous Arsene Lupin III takes his gang of thieves to Great Britain to investigate the existence of the Raven's hidden treasure. The Raven, an underground society rumored to be pulling the strings behind the British government, has evaded Lupin's grasp for nearly 10 years. But finding clues proves difficult when he is pursued by not only Interpol's Inspector Kouichi Zenigata but also the MI6, Scotland Yard, and Britain's finest: the consulting detective Sherlock Holmes, who appears to have his own score to settle with the gentleman thief.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set in 1955 in Kokuga, Hofu City, Yamaguchi Prefecture.One thousand years ago it was the site of the ancient capital, Suo no Kuni, and traces of the Heian Period (year 794-1185) are passed down to us in the form of ruins and historical place names.The protagonist is Shinko, a third grade elementary school student, who was born and raised in one of the town's venerable families. She is a little girl whose characteristic is a strange curl on her forehead (she calls it her "Mai Mai"), and her love for playing in the fields. On the other hand, her secret joy is to imagine and to daydream about the world of one thousand years ago. Her fantasies travel far into the days of the Heian Period...One day, a girl called Kiiko transfers from Tokyo and enters Shinko's class. This girl from the big city has difficulty feeling at home in this small town, but gradually her friendship with Shinko deepens.Before long, the two of them become engulfed in a strange incident of one thousand years earlier...?!Due to his mother and sister, who both love professional wrestling, Kinjirou Sakamachi developed a resilient body that could take hard punches, aggressive kicks, and even deadly vehicle bumps, in order to survive their various grappling positions and locks. However, he also developed gynophobia, an abnormal fear of women. With just one touch from a girl, his nose bleeds uncontrollably, he sweats excessively, and in rare cases, faints abruptly.His life changes for the worse because of a fated meeting in the restroom. While trying to escape from a girl, he discovers that the most popular student in their school, Subaru Konoe—the butler of the headmaster’s daughter, Kanade Suzutsuki—is actually female! Surprised, Subaru violently assaults Kinjirou, dealing significant damage and knocking him unconscious. When he comes to, he meets Kanade. In exchange for his silence, she promises to help cure his phobia.[Written by MAL Rewrite]3D IMAX movie, shown only at the Suntory Museum in Osaka.The story involves a heist taking place on 15 Aug at the Takaramachi Jewelry Museum where a jewel worth 1 Billion Yen is stolen.There isn't a single person in Sakuradamon High who hasn't heard the legends about Seiji "The Mad Dog" Sawamura's demonically powerful right hand. His reputation makes it fairly difficult for him to approach girls, and after being rejected 20 times straight, he half-jokingly vows to finish high school with his right hand for a girlfriend.Much to his surprise, after waking up the next morning, Seiji discovers that his demon right hand has mysteriously turned into a miniature girl, Midori Kasugano, who reveals that she has had a crush on Seiji for the past three years. Because their situation is not ideal for either of them, Seiji attempts to return Midori to normal. But after causing a big misunderstanding at the Kasugano household, the pair decide to keep their predicament between them until a solution is found. Thus begins an odd relationship, and what could be the only chance for Midori to finally be with the one she loves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Because of the legend left by Tatsuya Uesugi, Meisei Academy High School was well-known for their strong baseball team. But 26 years after their glory, the team has not been able to keep their record and has since lost their fame.Two stepbrothers, Souichirou and Touma Tachibana, aim to revive of the once-strong Meisei Academy baseball team and enter the National High School Baseball Championship.Souichirou and Touma are second years in Meisei Academy Middle School. Both boys are talented baseball players. Souichirou has shown excellent skill as a catcher and batter. Though having an extraordinary skill as a pitcher, Touma no longer pitches due to a certain reason.Once the two enter high school, they pair as a battery and aim to enter the National High School Baseball Championship!(Source: YTV, edited)Ikuto Touhohin just had a fight with his old man, one that led him to make a rash decision to run away from home. He boards a ship, deciding to take a vacation, but the ship is suddenly hit by a huge storm—one that sends Ikuto overboard! When he regains consciousness, he realizes he is still alive on some island. An isolated island. An isolated island with nothing but girls. Beautiful girls. Stranded on an island with only girls, no electricity, gas, radio, television, like he was back in the stone age.(Source: AniDB)At the onset of World War III, nobody could have predicted the effect it would have on Japan. While it had officially ended fifty years ago in 2150, its battles still persist. Large, mysterious areas known as "Blackspots" appeared across the country, filled with the contaminated ruins of cities and countrysides. Those inside were trapped to halt the spread of contamination, and their powers began to mutate—be they shapeshifters, pyromancers, or controllers of gravity itself—they all became known as the Needless.Adam Blade is one such Needless, possessing remarkable regenerative abilities and incredible strength. In order to restore peace to a war-torn Japan, he and his allies must fight together to rise against a heinous research group by the name of Simeon.Second season of Nu Wushen de Canzhuo.It is Kyouya Sata's 17th birthday, and it seems Erika Shinohara has forgotten about her beloved boyfriend's important day. Even Erika's best friend, Ayumi Sanda, appears to be unaware as she asks Kyouya to tutor her after school. However, behind the scenes, Erika is preparing a surprise in Kyouya's apartment and has assigned Ayumi the job of distracting him. Not everything goes as planned, though, as in front of Kyouya's home, an unlucky accident sets Erika into a complete frenzy—meaning Kyouya now has to find a way to calm down his oddball girlfriend.[Written by MAL Rewrite]New Osomatsu-san special. Sun God Apollo the brother of Athena is here to take Athena back to heaven and taking over the sanctuary. He revived the deceased gold saints and use them and a few god saints as bodyguards. But Athena did not obey him, Apollo had no choice but send her to hell. On the otherhand, the bronze saints are on their way to save Athena.(Source: ANN) After the Saints' victory against Hades, Seiya is left wounded and motionless in a wheel chair with no possible chance of recovery. Athena's sister Artemis, the Virgin Goddess of the Moon and twin sister of Apollo, makes an elaborate proposal - to restore Seiya's physical health in exchange for the supremacy of Sanctuary. Athena accepts and Artemis and her "Knights of the Sky" swiftly take control of Sanctuary. Now Seiya and his fellow Bronze Saints combat the forces of Zeus to regain their homeland but it will not be so easy. Bronze Saints Hydra Ichi and Unicorn Jabu, and Silver Saint Ophiuchus Shaina have join forces with Artemis and Apollo. (Source: ANN)Recaps of the first season of Saiunkoku Monogatari. Aired to bridge the time till the second season starts.Things are not always what they seem. This is especially true for Ruuko Kominato, when she receives a deck of cards for the popular card game WIXOSS, only to find a girl trapped inside her LRIG, or avatar card. Upon meeting others in the same situation, Ruuko discovers that she has now become a "Selector," a player in a special version of WIXOSS where girls can battle each other for a chance to have their deepest desires come true. However, there is a catch. In contrast to the glory that awaits them after their victories, there is a cruel fate: if they lose three times, their lives will be destroyed.In an ominous game filled with lies and deceit, Ruuko and her newfound friends must uncover the secrets behind WIXOSS and realize what is truly most important to them before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With the introduction of strict new morality laws, Japan has become a nation cleansed of all that is obscene and impure. By monitoring citizens using special devices worn around their necks, authorities have taken extreme measures to ensure that society remains chaste. In this world of sexual suppression, Tanukichi Okuma—son of an infamous terrorist who opposed the chastity laws—has just entered high school, offering his help to the student council in order to get close to president Anna Nishikinomiya, his childhood friend and crush. Little does he know that the vice president Ayame Kajou has a secret identity: Blue Snow, a masked criminal dedicated to spreading lewd material amongst the sheltered public—and Tanukichi has caught the girl's interest due to his father's notoriety.Soon, Tanukichi is dragged into joining her organization called SOX, where he is forced to spread obscene propaganda, helping to launch an assault against the government's oppressive rule. With their school set as the first point of attack, Tanukichi will have to do the unthinkable when he realizes that their primary target is the person he admires most.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ruka Azumi's ordinary summer vacation revolves around spending all her time on the handball court to avoid her only housemate, her alcoholic mother. When an incident at practice leads to Ruka's exclusion from the handball team, she is forced to find other outlets to enjoy herself, eventually winding up at the aquarium where her father works. There, she meets Umi, a mysterious boy raised by dugongs who is being kept at the aquarium in order to research his strange water-dependent body.Ruka and Umi become fast friends, and the pair is soon joined by Sora, Umi's brother who also has an unusual relationship with the ocean. Together, the trio explore a dazzling undersea world while learning about a peculiar "festival" that all sea creatures around the world are preparing for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirteen-year-old Karin Hanazono feels like her life can't get any worse, Her parents died when she was younger, leaving her with an aunt who doesn't hesitate to call her stupid and useless over her poor grades. Her only friend, her cat named Shii-chan, passed away recently, leaving her completely alone. All she has left of her parents is a ring given to her by her mother, which she treasures dearly as the sole thing left of her past.Kamichama Karin begins the moment her life takes a turn for the better, when she is approached by Himeka Kuujou, a cute girl who has also lost her parents, and Kazune Kuujou, her cousin who finds girls to be troublesome, both of whom are searching for a goddess. Her mother's memento ring shines brightly in their presence and fills her with its radiance, making her smarter, faster, and capable of granting wishes. It turns out that her ring allows her to become the very goddess they were looking for, and now that she has awakened that power, others will come after her for it…Kindaichi and the gang are on their way to a hot spring, but get lost and end up at a run down and sinister hotel. They are told that a vampire used to live in the hotel way back. Someone even died (was found with bite marks on the neck).Six years ago a girl was found in the cellar with bite marks on her neck, and the villagers killed her. When one of the guests is killed and Miyuki is attacked by a creature with fangs, it would seem like the vampire is still there...A remake of the 1970's version.Keitaro has finally passed the entrance exams, and is officially a Toudai student. But after breaking his leg in an accident in the entrance ceremony, he thought and re-evaluated himself. Having new goals, Keitaro follows Seta on an overseas archeology trip. During his absence, however, all was not well in Hinata Lodge. Urashima Kanako, Keitaro's sister, arrives on the scene. She claims to be the new manager of Hinata Lodge starts to go against all the tenants. Things become even more complicated when they recieve a letter from Keitaro. The tenants and Kanako made a big mess trying to get the letter, but Seta's car crashes in before anyone could read the letter...Out of nowhere, Motokos' sister (Tsuroko) appears and is ready to pass on the dojo. However, Motoko is still not quite as strong as her sister and when her big sister finds out about this, she gives Motoko an ultimatum- Motoko must beat her sister or marry Keitaro!(Source: Animelover27)A bridge's legend tells that when two people meet on it, they will surely meet again. Momo meets a boy who doesn't believe the legend, and promises that she will meet him again to prove it. As the year passes, she comes every day to wait for him, and becomes a small part of many people's lives.(Source: ANN)In the second season the story continues exactly where it left off previously. Professor Itsuki's Fermentation Cellar and laboratory is ready for operation and with Sawaki Tadayasu's unique gift to see and communicate with microbes to help, Itsuki's motley group of students begin to process different fermented products like soy sauce and sake.(Source: ANN)Six long months have passed. The Raalgon Empire has developed a horrible new type of weapon, and Tylor has been charged with the duty of intercepting it as it is being transported. But when all that could go wrong does go wrong, the crew members of the Soyokaze find themselves at the mercy of their enemies. As the hours tick down toward their execution, the crew wonders: has their irresponsible captain misled them? Or is this all a part of some greater strategy?(Source: RightStuf)In Edo in the mid-1800's, fireworks maker Seikichi Tamaya and his friends struggle to live under the harsh morality laws imposed by the strict city councilor, which ban all luxuries, including fireworks. One day, a strange girl stops by Sekichi's shop with an equally strange request: she wants Sekichi to build a firework that can reach the moon.(Source: ANN)Rocky Rackat (Pokonyan) is a funny little creature that's a bit of a cross between a cat and a raccoon. There are rumors that he may be a lunar cat, however this is not a documented fact, he may be a bit looney at times, yet his origin remains a mystery.Rocky is quite innocent and unaware of the value of his special powers. He has the ability to turn children's fantasies into realities. The sky is the limit in the adventures he can create!Our story begins when Amy (Miki), a spirited young girl, joins her family on a camping trip. To her surprise, Amy discovers Rocky in her backpack among her camping gear. Rocky thinks Amy is his sister and he follows her everywhere.Amy is active and curious, yet she has a tendency to become frustrated and fed-up with the world around her. With Rocky's arrival, Amy's world changes drastically. Rocky uses his powers to turn Amy's dreams into real life adventures. Although Rocky's efforts are well intended, his efforts are not always successful. Occasionally these adventures "short-circuit" and become near disasters!Through "thick and thin" Rocky and Amy become quite a pair and develop a long lasting friendship, experiencing a wide assortment of fun-filled escapades. [Source: Enoki Films USA]Tsubomi Hanasaki is woken by her best friend Erika Kurumi only to find out that their two fairies, Coffret and Shypre, have left just leaving a note explaining where to find them. Fairy Park is not only the destination of both girls, it is also the meeting point of all other Precures who planned to spend this special day together. This magical theme park holds the Rainbow Jewel, a special gem that represents all of the hopes and dreams of the world. Such a powerful stone is the object of desire of a malefic entity named Bottom who has waited one thousand years for the opportunity to possess it.In the city of Minato Mirai in Yokohama, the news of Fusion's defeat by the Pretty Cures is the hottest topic in town! Girls everywhere are dressing up and acting as their favorite Cures. Only Sakagami Ayumi, the new transfer student, is alone by herself.On her way home from school, Ayumi encounters a strange creature. After naming it Fu-Chan, Ayumi and the creature soon become good friends. However, Fu-Chan is actually a piece of Fusion, and holds the power of darkness. In an effort to make Ayumi happy, Fu-chan swallows up everything that Ayumi dislikes, creating chaos in school and throughout the city!To help bring across Ayumi's true feelings to Fu-Chan, all 28 Pretty Cures gather once more. When everyone's power comes together, a miraculous light starts to shine. At last, the Sanzou Party has arrived in India. In this foreign land, where the anomaly's influence runs rampant, their battles only heighten in their violence.And also awaiting them is their tragic fate from 500 years ago—What will they find at the end of their long and treacherous journey?This movie is a retelling/summary of Selector Infected and Spread, with extra scenes interspersed such as the characters in childhood. Despite mostly being previously used scenes, they were cut and altered to make a high intensity and fast paced story, highlighting the moments of slow silence and reflection. Some changes were made such as the true origin of Tama's name, the significance of Sachi and Rumi, and the relationship between your name and being alone.(Source: Asenshi)It has been 33 years since an alien race, known as the JAM, emerged from a hyperspace passage over Antarctica with the sole purpose of invading Earth. Despite their unexpected initial assaults, a combined effort by humanity not only pushed the JAM force off of Earth but also moved the frontlines of the battle onto the JAM's homeworld of Fairy. Though out of sight and mind for the majority of Earth's inhabitants, the conflict still rages on Fairy, where the United Nations has established five bases and a powerful, technologically advanced military—including the Fairy Air Force (FAF).Lieutenant Rei Fukai acts as a pilot for the FAF Special Air Force’s Boomerang reconnaissance squadron, flying a Super Sylph fighter jet with the personal name "Yukikaze." Soaring high above and observing the battles for air superiority, he is responsible for collecting and analyzing valuable intelligence on JAM methods. While his flying skills are unmatched, he also heavily relies on the highly advanced weaponry and near-sentient AI system of his aircraft. Though despised by other members of the FAF for his antisocial and standoffish nature, Lt. Fukai continues to carry out his duties along with Yukikaze. However, during a particularly bloody battle, the appearance of an unresponsive and hostile aircraft catches the lieutenant off-guard—an aircraft which is of the same make and model as his own.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Shi Yi Chang An: Mingyue Jishi You.Sequel to Shin Chou Kyou Ryo: Condor Hero II.Haruyuki Arita is an overweight, bullied middle schooler who finds solace in playing online games. But his life takes a drastic turn one day, when he finds that all his high scores have been topped by Kuroyukihime, the popular vice president of the student council. She then invites him to the student lounge and introduces him to "Brain Burst," a program which allows the users to accelerate their brain waves to the point where time seems to stop. Brain Burst also functions as an augmented reality fighting game, and in order to get more points to accelerate, users must win duels against other players. However, if a user loses all their points, they will also lose access to Brain Burst forever.Kuroyukihime explains that she chose to show Haruyuki the program because she needs his help. She wants to meet the creator of Brain Burst and uncover the reason of why it was created, but that's easier said than done; to do so, she must defeat the "Six Kings of Pure Color," powerful faction leaders within the game, and reach level 10, the highest level attainable. After the girl helps Haruyuki overcome the bullies that torment him, he vows to help her realize her goal, and so begins the duo's fight to reach the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Amagi Brilliant Park is a place where everyone takes on the role that is perfect for them. But every once in a while, situations arise that will force staff members to step out of their comfort zone and take on a new role. The goofball employees are soon to realize just how difficult this can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While W-0 is away, Leila and the remaining crew at base find themselves surrounded by Britannian Knightmares. Piloting the Vercingetorix, Shin Hyuuga leads the enemy charge, having usurped the position of Grand Master in the Knights of St. Michael. With her core members unavailable, it's up to Leila to protect her comrades, but this may be much tougher than she realizes: a spy lurking among them is finally ready to reveal himself.Left with no choice but to surrender, Leila arranges a meeting with Shin in order to ensure the safety of her squad. But as negotiations begin to fall apart, Akito and an unexpected ally return in the nick of time to turn things around.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Anime based upon the original Argentine graphic novel series of the same name.The story follows the titular character who is a genetically engineered super-soldier; one of the creations of Dr. Von Reichter's diabolic experiments. (The fictional) Von Reichter is actually a former Nazi who conducted horrendous experiments during the second world war. He flees to South America where he continues his experiments which culminate in the creation of the "Cybers," one of which happens to be Cybersix. However, since the Cybers exhibit free will at an young age (an undesired trait), Von Reichter destroys all the Cybers to prevent a rebellion.In the present day, Cybersix is one of the Cybers who managed to escape and is living a quiet life under the alias of "Adrian Seidelman"; however, she finds out that her survival is dependent on a special substance that Von Reichter created and thus she is forced to hunt down the "Technos," a newer generation of super-soldiers created by him, in order to survive. Unintentionally, in the process, Cybersix becomes a superhero protecting the world from Dr. Von Reichter's creations and his evil plans.The Chosen Children are distraught; believing they have lost one of their friends, the group struggles to find a way to defeat the rampaging Ordinemon. With few options left, they turn to Yamato Ishida for guidance and leadership, but Yamato himself is unsure of what to do.Determined to save the world despite their tragedy, Yamato and his friends must take on the ferocious digital monster. As some of the children are missing their partners, they are at a significant disadvantage. Nevertheless, the Chosen Children resolve to fight until the end to secure their future and that of their friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A recap episode with additional scenes which was screened on Jump's official YouTube channel for Jump Special Anime Festa 2020.Shown at Jump Festa 2012, held in December, 2011.Bardock, Goku's father, who was supposed to have died when Freeza's attack hit him along with the Planet Vegeta, was sent way back in time where the planet was inhabited by strange creatures. There, he meets Freeza's ancestor, a space pirate named Chilled, and fights him to protect the planet.(Source: AniDB)Duwei is born into this new world from Earth without a sound, he does not cry, he simply stares at the people around him. As he grows he does not speak and curses this new world he was forced into. His Father a Great General is sure there must be something he has an aptitude for, however he is simply trash. Disregarded by his family as the Retarded heir. This is the story of his journey to discover the truths of this world and use the knowledge of his past life to remove his title of retard, even if he has to become a devil.Another lovely summer goes by for Illyasviel von Einzbern. Taking a break from her magical girl duties, she enjoys her time off after collecting the Class Cards with her best friend Miyu Edelfelt. However, her break comes to an abrupt end when she and Miyu are abducted by Rin Toosaka and Luviagelita Edelfelt, while out with her friends. The magical girls learn that their work is far from over, as Clock Tower informs them that the out of control mana thought to have been sealed continues to be dispersing throughout Fuyuki City. After heading to the origin point of the out of control mana, Illya and Miyu are tasked with solving the anomaly. But after casting their spell, Illyasviel discovers that she's split into two people! As this mysterious new form darts off, she can only wonder: what is to come from the existence of her dopplegänger, running amok in the unsuspecting town?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world is dying, no longer able to support life. The Ainsworth family can use the Holy Grail to save humanity, but the price of salvation is sacrifice of the magical girl Miyu — but Miyu’s brother, Shirou, won’t let them have her without a fight. Now it’s up to Illya to step in and find a solution that will save not only Miyu, but the entire world for impending doom. But when the price for the world's salvation is the life of a single, innocent girl, what will Illya choose?(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity.The story follows a boy who was in a soccer team, but it was disbanded due to not enough players. However, after the boy meets a female professional soccer player, he aims to bring his soccer team back.(Source: AniDB)A manga comic book and anime television series by manga artist Go Nagai, made as a direct continuation of the successful Mazinger Z series. It was aired on Japan in 1974, immediately following the end of the first Mazinger series.The story of Gundam Build Fighters Try is set 7 years after the end of the 1st series. Now Seiho Academy's Gunpla Battle Club has only one member, Hoshino Fumina, who is a third grade student in junior high. As the president of the club, she needs two more members to participate in the upcoming All-Japan Gunpla Battle Championships. One day she encounters a transfer student named Kamiki Sekai, who has traveled around for Kenpo training with his master. Then joining by a young Gunpla builder Kousaka Yuuma, their challenge to the Gunpla Battle begins....(Source: Crunchyroll)The fifth and final film in the five-part Gundam: G no Reconguista Movie series. Nyaruko still wants Mahiro, as does Hasuta. Kūko wants Nyaruko, but believes both Nyaruko's and Mahiro's "first time" belongs to her. Yoriko puts up with all of it and cheerfully runs the house where they all live. Mahiro just wants some sanity. He doesn't want to be the love toy of a Nyarlathotepan, Cthughan, or a shots-like Hasturan. He may or may not hold out.(Source: ANN)It is 1983, and Hinamizawa is under quarantine. A mysterious and deadly virus has been discovered within the small village, and its residents—such as teenager Keiichi Maebara and his friends Mion Sonozaki and Rena Ryuuguu—are left confused and frightened by the situation.As the villagers begin to search for a way to stop the affliction from spreading, some make drastic plans, which leaves Keiichi and his friends looking for a way to escape the village. But when tensions reach an all-time high, some of his group may not make it out unscathed as they fight for their lives against enemies both seen and unseen.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The stand-alone pilot OVA which was shown as part of the "Jump Super Anime Tour" of 1998.(Source: Wikipedia)After achieving fruitful results in New World Online's previous events, the now famous Maple Tree guild is excited to explore the new floors introduced in game. As if their guild was not already feared enough, each member is motivated to find stronger skills for themselves in order to greatly expand their options in future battles. Not forgetting the importance of networking, the guild also forges amicable relationships with other notable guilds, such as the Kingdom of the Flame Emperor and the Congregation of the Holy Swords.With their eccentric guild master Maple at the forefront, the members of Maple Tree continue to stumble upon creative ways to implement their skills, driving the game developers crazy along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The series focuses on the main heroine Chiari Tsukikage and her friends on managing the Jewelpet Cafe. One day at the magical world of Jewel Land, Lady Jewelina entrusted Ruby the Magical Jewel Box with a mission to make friends and collect Magic Jewels. At the same time she needs to attend the Jewel Academy to do so and open a shop called the Jewelpet Cafe. However with her friends, things didn't go well as planned with several failed mishaps happened to her and the students being scared, in the point of Ruby giving up. But when she met a young girl named Chiari Tsukikage and decides to help, Ruby's life is about to change forever. Now, she and her friends now must work together for the cafe to prosper, stick together through good and bad luck as well as protecting the Jewel Box from being stolen.(Source: Jewelpet Wikia)A planetarium film screened originally at the Konica Minolta Planetarium "Tenku" in the Tokyo Sky Tree and then later on May 27th at the Konica Minolta Planetarium "Manten" in Sunshine City (a commercial building complex in  Ikebukuro).The film is entirely CG and was done through the game engine Unity.Souten Kouro's story is based loosely on the events taking place in Three Kingdoms period of China during the life of the last Chancellor of the Eastern Han Dynasty, Cao Cao (155 – March 15, 220), who also serves as the main character.The Three Kingdoms period has been a popular theme in Japanese manga for decades, but Souten Kouro differs greatly from most of the others on several points. One significant difference is its highly positive portrayal of its main character, Cao Cao, who is traditionally the antagonist in not only Japanese manga, but also most novel versions of the Three Kingdoms period, including the original 14th century version, Romance of the Three Kingdoms by Luo Guanzhong. Another significant difference from others is that the storyline primarily uses the original historical account of the era, Records of Three Kingdoms by Chen Shou, as a reference rather than the aforementioned Romance of the Three Kingdoms novel. By this, the traditional hero of Romance of the Three Kingdoms, Liu Bei, takes on relatively less importance within the story and is portrayed in a less positive light. Yet, several aspects of the story are in fact based on the novel version, including the employment of its original characters such as Diao Chan, as well as anachronistic weapons such as Guan Yu's Green Dragon Crescent Blade and Zhang Fei's Viper Blade.A consistent theme throughout the story is Cao Cao's perpetual desire to break China and its people away from its old systems and ways of thinking and initiate a focus on pragmatism over empty ideals. This often puts him at odds with the prevalent customs and notions of Confucianism and those that support them.(Source: Wikipedia)Ever since the release of the innovative NerveGear, gamers from all around the globe have been given the opportunity to experience a completely immersive virtual reality. Sword Art Online (SAO), one of the most recent games on the console, offers a gateway into the wondrous world of Aincrad, a vivid, medieval landscape where users can do anything within the limits of imagination. With the release of this worldwide sensation, gaming has never felt more lifelike.However, the idyllic fantasy rapidly becomes a brutal nightmare when SAO's creator traps thousands of players inside the game. The "log-out" function has been removed, with the only method of escape involving beating all of Aincrad's one hundred increasingly difficult levels. Adding to the struggle, any in-game death becomes permanent, ending the player's life in the real world.While Kazuto "Kirito" Kirigaya was fortunate enough to be a beta-tester for the game, he quickly finds that despite his advantages, he cannot overcome SAO's challenges alone. Teaming up with Asuna Yuuki and other talented players, Kirito makes an effort to face the seemingly insurmountable trials head-on. But with difficult bosses and threatening dark cults impeding his progress, Kirito finds that such tasks are much easier said than done.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miyuki Kobayakawa, fresh from forensics training in the United States and Natsumi Tsujimoto, from completing Japanese Self-Defense Force (JSDF) ranger training return in the long-awaited 3rd season of the highly popular series. This time, the duo rejoins active duty at Bokuto Police Department, fighting against crime using their wits and brawn, plus having some misadventures along the way. (Source: ANN)Tegamibachi specials.Academy City stands at the forefront of scientific and technological progress, best known for their development of espers: those capable of wielding superhuman abilities that alter the rules of reality. The most powerful among them are the Level 5s, and the one known as Accelerator reigns supreme, even after being weakened by a severe brain injury. By his side is the young girl known as Last Order, whom despite his cold demeanor, he holds closely and vows to protect at all costs.Though Accelerator may be recovering from his injury, the dark side of Academy City never rests, and so he finds himself unwillingly caught up in the midst of a new conflict. When a mysterious young woman approaches Accelerator in pursuit of Last Order, the highest-ranked esper is confronted by a venomous organization that has taken root in Anti-Skill, Academy City's peacekeeping organization. With dangerous forces on the move that threaten to put Last Order and her sisters at risk, the self-proclaimed villain prepares to step into the darkness once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ye Xingyu'’s master Yu Huanxian went and left a giant Tianyuan Shenzong. Ye Xingyun became the new leader of the Tianyuan Shenzong. At the same time, the civet cat exchanged Prince Edward’s method and became a child of a small family, hidden in it, waiting for revenge. Opportunity. Ye Xingyun embarked on a very dangerous road, but with his own strategy, and Tianyuan Shenzong masters of all the help of experts, vertical and horizontal tactics, strategizing, against the huge Grand Dynasty. (Sorce: Anilist)In the world of Duel Monsters, a new generation of duelists await their turn to bid for the highest title: The King of Games. As an aspiring duelist, the happy-go-lucky Juudai Yuuki enrolls at the Duel Academy, a reputable institution tasked with nurturing these potential challengers. On his first day, however, Juudai's laid back and careless attitude causes him to arrive late to his entrance exam. There, he stumbles upon a familiar figure who entrusts him the "Winged Kuriboh," a card which becomes Judai's new partner. Soon, he begins living as a duelist—but will destiny and darkness bend his reality into something beyond his imagination?Yu☆Gi☆Oh!: Duel Monsters GX follows the story of Juudai as he strives to fulfill his goal of becoming the next King of Games. As they are thrust into countless unprecedented circumstances, one thing is for sure for Juudai and his friends—there will never be a dull moment at the Duel Academy! [Written by MAL Rewrite]Love is blooming at Sakuragaoka High School. Natsuki Enomoto has finally mustered the courage to confess to her childhood friend, Yuu Setoguchi. However, in the final moments of her confession, an embarrassed Natsuki passes it off as a "practice confession." Oblivious to her true feelings and struggling with his own, Yuu promises to support Natsuki in her quest for love. While Natsuki deals with her failed confession, fellow classmate Koyuki Ayase struggles with his own feelings for Natsuki. Despite his timidness, he is determined to win over her heart.Zutto Mae Kara Suki deshita.: Kokuhaku Jikkou Iinkai follows Natsuki as she dreams of one day ending her practices and genuinely confessing to Yuu. Meanwhile, close friends also find themselves entangled in their own webs of unrequited love and unspoken affections.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On his first day of junior high, Eren Yeager comes face-to-face with a titan—and has his lunch stolen! From that day on, he holds a grudge against titans for taking his favorite food from him, a cheeseburger, vowing to eliminate their kind once and for all. Along with his adoptive sister Mikasa Ackerman and their friend Armin Arlert, the trio traverse the halls of Titan Junior High, encountering familiar faces and participating in various extracurricular activities as part of the Wall Cleanup Club.A parody of the immensely popular parent series, Shingeki! Kyojin Chuugakkou places beloved characters as junior high school students, fighting to protect their lunches from gluttonous titans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After armored trooper pilot Chirico Cuvie  is given orders to transfer to Planet Odon, he and all of the other new recruits are sent into a simulated battle to test their abilities. However, this 'simulated battle' turns out to be a serious fight to eliminate those without the necessary skills. Chirico survives along with just three others, despite the fact that he fought while injured. It soon becomes apparent that this is not the first time he has survived against incredible odds, a fact that Colonel Peruzen wishes to exploit. But is Chirico truly immortal? (Source: Anime-Planet) Get your quarters ready, because the world's top fighters are about to go head to head in this explosive animated adaptation of the classic Street Fighter II arcade game! M. Bison's plan to crush those who would oppose his organization, Shadowloo, is simple: brainwash the strongest martial artists around with his dreaded psycho power, and turn them into living weapons! To stop him, Interpol agent Chun-Li must team up with Major Guile of the United States Air Force, but that's no small feat.They'll have to put aside their differences and learn to work together, and fast. Bison is closing in on Ryu, a traveling vagabond said to be the best fighter in the world. Fortunately (or not), Ryu is a hard man to find, but the same can't be said of his eternal rival, Ken. And it might just be through Ken that Bison will get what he wants! Can the World Warriors beat Bison to the punch?(Source: Discotek)One last heist. That's what they all say, right? Just one final score, and everyone can retire and take up fishing. Thing is, the jails are filled with super villains who thought the same thing, and got busted. But the Heat's in a jam. He's run up the kind of gambling debt that - if he can't pay it back in cash - will be paid in blood. Nobody wants to see the most beloved supercrook of all time rubbed out by the mob - especially his biggest fan, Johnny Bolt. And Johnny's got a plan to help the Heat and make all his buddies disgustingly rich at the same time. Unfortunately for Johnny's recruits, they have to head to Spain and rob the world's most notorious super villain blind. And that's where things get tricky. (Source: Marvel Comics)Second season of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes.Tenchi runs off into the woods to spend some time alone after his friends have another argument. While lost in thought, he hears a voice coming from a camellia tree. Tenchi approaches it and vanishes through a portal.Six months later, Tenchi still has not returned home. Though most have given up the idea of ever finding him, his friends refuse to lose hope and have split up into two teams. Aeka and Ryoukou remain on Earth to investigate while Washuu, Sasami, Kiyone, and Mihoshi comb the rest of the galaxy in search.Their efforts eventually pay off when Tenchi's energy is picked up on their radar. However, the happy reunion will have to wait as the girls gear up for their biggest challenge yet—Tenchi seems to have completely forgotten them and is living happily with another woman. Instead of solving their problems, finding Tenchi has left them with even more questions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shuu Tsukiyama is a "ghoul": a creature who eats human flesh, and he likes to enjoy his meals to the fullest. One night, while relishing in the premeditated murder of his dinner, Shuu's much anticipated first bite is disturbed by a sudden flash of light.The flash turns out to be from the camera of high schooler Chie Hori, who presents Shuu with the perfect picture capturing his true nature; the extremely clear shot of a bloody corpse and an overly excited Shuu threatens to expose his ghoul identity, thus Shuu needs to sort out this situation quickly.After Shuu discovers that Chie attends the same high school as him and is even in the same class, the reason behind his feelings of obsession changes from self-preservation to morbid curiosity. As he grows closer to the absent-minded and extremely odd photographer, he challenges them both to learn more about each other's conflicting worlds; Shuu promises that Chie will come out of this experience with a photograph superior to the one she already has.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set in the year 2050 AD, and mankind has been steadily advancing its space technology. However, the planet is suddenly set upon by a mysterious enemy: the forces of Eldar, who came from 250 years in the future. In their time, 2300 AD, their planet Eldar was invaded by Earth, and soundly defeated by Earth's Trinity Energy, a mysterious energy used in their weaponry that possesses power many times that of a hydrogen bomb. The Eldar people's objective is to steal this Trinity Energy before it can be used against them.The Eldar forces begin by taking over Jupiter's moon Io, one of the places humanity has immigrated to by then. After that, they begin to attack Trinity City with their legions of Cosmosauruses in order to steal the Trinity Energy. Toshiya and his friends use God Sigma to protect the planet and the Trinity Energy, and the battle evolves into a long war to retake Io.(Source: Wikipedia) Growing up as an orphan, Yuki Sakurai questions his reason for living and ability to see a person's painful memory by simply touching them. After receiving anonymous notes telling him to die, Yuki is unable to shake off the nagging feeling forming inside of him. Unbeknownst to him, he is being watched, both by people who want to harm him and those who want to protect him.One foggy night, Yuki's life is saved by a beautiful man with silver eyes and jet black hair—a man he has never met before yet seems familiar. With the arrival of this mysterious stranger, Yuki's forgotten past has been awakened and the purpose of his existence has appeared before him.Uragiri wa Boku no Namae wo Shitteiru tells the story of a teenage boy as he discovers who he is and where he comes from—all while making friends, experiencing betrayal, and slowly piecing together the puzzle of his past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Wake Up, Girls! Green Leaves Entertainment is in the worst situation any Talent Management Agency can be in... they have NO talent! Desperate for an act, President Junko Tange targets the idol singer market and gives her flunky Matsuda his marching orders: get a girl group to manage, even if it means building one from scratch!Since complete singing groups rarely appear out of thin air, Matsuda's now in the difficult position of having to find girls with the right skills who don't already have contracts with Japan's music industry. That girl at the Maid Café? Good enough! A lead singer who's been fired from another group? Sure, why not? How about one who's only 13 years old? What could possibly go wrong there?They may not be on the A-list, the B-List, or even the C-list to start, but with a little love and a whole lot of hard work, it's possible that all Japan may someday wake up to the music of WAKE UP, GIRLS!(Source: Sentai Filmworks)The cute story of the daily life between a guy and his cat-boy roommate.Yawara Inokuma competes for Japan in the Atlanta Olympic Games as she meets with several familiar faces throughout the tournament.(Source: ANN)These are two recap specials that focus on Team Urameshi's matches in the Dark Tournament, with a few character songs playing in the background. There are also two shorts at the end of each episode, both of which are about 1:20 long.Eizou Hakusho Series: Ankoku Bujutsukai no Shou - Gekan-Group PhotoEizou Hakusho Series: Ankoku Bujutsukai no Shou - Joukan-Koto's InterviewNatural disasters have devastated planet Zi, killing off almost all life. A thousand years later humans have gradually re-established civilization, salvaging ancient Zoids through diving and mining efforts. In a village whose most previous item is a giant sword which they worship as a holy symbol. A teenage boy discovers an ancient Liger-type Zoid while on a deep water salvage operation. Suddenly the village is attacked by skeletal Bio-Zoids intent on stealing a powerful generator located in the village. Our teenage hero awakens the Liger and discovers that the town`s sacred sword is the Liger`s weapon, together they fight off the mysterious Bio-Zoids. At least for now...(Source: AniDB)After the murder of their parents, 11-year-old twin brothers Thor and Rai Klein are sent away from their home planet. They find themselves awakening on the terraformed planet of Chimaera, where carnivorous plants dominate and the few humans who live there are divided into four groups known as "Rings." Soon after, they meet a young man by the name of Zagi, and the twins learn that only the "Jyu Oh Sei"—the one who conquers these four Rings—is allowed to leave the planet. Driven by the desire to return home and discover the truth behind the death of his parents, Thor resolves to survive in the harsh, merciless environment of Chimaera. However, he quickly learns there is more than meets the eye in this strange ecosystem. As Thor is swept up in the politics that entangle the Rings, he uncovers more about his parents' murder, and ultimately, humanity's fate as a whole.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Her name is Mary Saotome—she is brazen, insolent, and defiant, yet highly intelligent. Upon transferring to Hyakkaou Private Academy, where a student's worth is determined by their wits through gambling, she seizes a glorious win against a classmate and immediately captures the attention of the devious student council members.With the bottom of Hyakkaou's rigorous hierarchy determined by least gambling winnings, the future for Tsuzura Hanatemari looks grim. As Tsuzura's childhood friend, Mary resolves to rise through the ranks and secure enough money to free Tsuzura from the shackles of the unjust system. Mary's perseverance and refusal to lose drive her to surpass and humiliate even the strongest opponents, but certain student council members seem to have greater plans for her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story begins with a spaceship struggling to return to its home world, which crash lands onto a dying planet, triggering an explosion of pure energy, generated by the powerful and mysterious life forms that are piloting the craft. This outburst of energy infuses the dying planet with a life-generating force.Popo, the main character of the story, lives happily with his mother on this planet in a remote part of the forest that is populated with praying mantises, ladybugs, beetles and many other insects.Popos greatest desire is to grow up and become stronger, so that he can search for his father who left the family several years before and has not been heard from since. His father was known as the Guardian of the Forest, as he was passionately dedicated to his research on the planet and on the forest in which his family lives.One day, while walking through the forest, Popo witnesses an ominous event. A strange flowing mist appears, completely covering the forest. A mysterious and sinister character, Passer, also appears, condemning Popos father as an enemy of the forest people and the source of all their trouble. Popo races home only to find to his shock and amazement that his mother has been transformed into a half-plant, half human creature.Confused and dismayed over what he has seen, Popo decides that only his father will be able to restore his mother to her human self and rescue the forest from harm. He decides to leave his home in search for his father.However, the evil Adder and his henchmen plot to prevent Popo from achieving his goal with the help of giant beetles who attack the young boy at every turn. Fortunately, Popo has an ally, Mushiking: The King of Beetles! With his overwhelming strength and overpowering fighting style, Mushiking always comes through at the nick of time to save the young boy from defeat and to set him back on his quest.Is Popo able to find his father and to save his mother and the forest? Discovering his destiny as the next Guardian of the Forest, and protected and guided on his journey by Mushiking, Popo's epic quest to reunite with his father now begins! (Source: Official Site)Tachikoma TV series that aired on Animax. Unlike the previous "Tachikoma na Hibi," which were auxiliary episodes to the main Ghost in the Shell SAC and 2nd GIG, the special version has longer stories based on various Japanese and Orthodox folklore. Later re-released on a BD box with all the Tachikoma shorts.After the climactic battle to decide the fate of humanity, the hero Max, alongside his party, emerges victorious against the formidable Demon Lord. As he draws his last breath, the defeated Maou vows to return more powerful than ever to take his revenge.Ten years later, although Maou has resurrected, the process is incomplete, resulting in him taking on the form of a child. Nevertheless, not wanting to waste another second, Maou pays his nemesis a visit—but the hero who once gallantly protected humankind from the demon's clutches is now a pitiful slob bearing no resemblance to a man of his former caliber.Despite his disappointment, Maou moves in with Max in hope of building him back up into a worthy adversary. But as the demon learns more about the events that transpired in the decade of his absence, he realizes that there is a story behind Max's downfall that he knows nothing of.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Louie, a brawny student at the mage's guild, is reluctantly accepted by three girls (Merrill-thief, Genie-fighter, and Melissa-priestess) as a companion for their adventuring party. As the foursome explore ruins, battle dark creatures, and make new friends, they also uncover a sinister plot within the kingdom.(Source: ANN)Izayoi, Asuka, and You have been invited to participate in a Gift-Game at a hot spring village to help the small community there find a new water source.OVA bundled with the eighth volume of the light novel.Haruka Nogizaka is the most popular student in the prestigious Hakujo Academy, possessing unparalleled beauty, talent, and influence. Unbeknownst to her fellow students, however, she keeps an embarrassing secret of being an otaku—something that can potentially destroy her elegant reputation.Unfortunately for Haruka, an encounter with the timid Yuuto Ayase in the school library spells the end of her well-kept secret. However, the two reach a mutual agreement with Yuuto promising to keep Haruka's secret, sparking an unexpected friendship between them. Nonetheless, with Haruka's status as the school celebrity and her friendly relationship with Yuuto, both of them are bound to be the subject of gossip everywhere they go![Written by MAL Rewrite]A short web prequel to One Piece Film: Gold featuring the nine Straw hat crew members on the ship, planning what to do when they arrive the Casino.In an alternate reality world that resembles Edo Period Japan, Luffy acts as a member of the police. This is made up of two adventures: in the first, Buggy makes trouble in the town; in the second, a mysterious girl named Vivi appears (aired after Episode 253). This special contains several cameos from characters throughout the entire series. A second pair of episodes were aired after episode 290, continuing this story, as part of the New Year's special.The story opens on Pirate Zap's ship, where two of his crew, Bonnie and Max, are tired and want to escape, but unfortunately they have no money. Three children were being held captive on the ship overhear them. The eldest, Amanda, who's father was a pro treasure hunter, knows the whereabouts of a great treasure, and offers them a deal. If they help them make a clean escape, they could take all the treasure they wanted. They agree, and the five of them barely escape and make it onto a small island where they meet Luffy and his crew. Unfortunately they were pursued and Luffy and Amanda are captured and brought back to their boss, the head of the Bayan Pirates, who is also after the treasure. Now Luffy and the others must battle the Bayan pirates and find the treasure that Amanda's father had left for his children. Amanda, who has always resented adventure and treasure because her father was constantly gone in search for it, finally understands his feelings. (Source: ANN)One day, the Pretty Cures receive an invitation to a party in their honor. Everyone is heading to the party venue, the school of fairies, but awaits a mysterious shadow. The shadow steals transformation objects! What can they do? If the Cures can not be converted are in big trouble! If this continues, the school, our world and everything else will deborado by that shadow! The 32 Pretty Cures will fight to protect everyone!(Source: Wikipedia)Two thousand years ago, a descendant of the Yinyang Family felt sad for the burning of books and burying of scholars at the order of Qin Shihuang (the first emperor of the Qin Dynasty) and the burning of Epang Palace. In order not to let the scholars die in vain, he began to turn their spirits into brushes for inheritance by future generations. Back to the present day, Luo Zhongxia, an ordinary college student, accidentally gets a brush with Li Bai's spirit, and gains its superpower. But before long, various forces are in a mad scramble for the power, putting Luo Zhongxia in danger in many occasions. To avoid more dangers, Luo Zhongxia tries to find the way to return the brush, but fails every time. On the contrary, Luo Zhongxia becomes inextricably bound up with seven brush spirits.(Source: Bilibilil)When Minato Kiyomizu wakes up in a hospital, he learns that he has been comatose for 203 days. As it turns out, a car accident has caused him to lose all memory of his middle school journey. Eventually, he discovers his former glory in water polo and desires to continue where he has left off. However, embarrassingly becoming aware of the massive disparity between his old and current self, Minato begins intensive rehabilitation in hopes of starting anew—a life without water polo.Yet, Minato is promptly reminded of his past prowess and a promise on his very first day in Yamanami High School. Soon enough, despite being completely aware of his ineptitude, he joins the school's water polo club! While needing to relearn the sport's basics, he, along with his clubmates, must recruit new members to attain the required seven-man roster. With that, Minato tries to rekindle his deeply buried talent for water polo—and become one of Japan's renowned players once again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation of Mawaru Penguindrum, including new scenes. Based on chapters 11-13 of the original manga with additional content written by Kazuya Minekura. The story will be told from Tenpou's point of view.Two OVA episodes are bundled as DVDs with each of volumes 6 and 7 of the manga.The first OVA is a prequel story written by the manga's author. Before the beginning of the main story, Rea and Chihiro have already met at a certain place: an outdoor hot-spring bath.The second OVA takes place after the series (effectively episode 14). The Furuya family finds a mysterious young girl hiding under the household temple.Extra episode included on BD/DVD vol. 6; effectively episode 13. Despite their decaying bodies, Rea’s zombie power comes in handy both at school and at home, and Babu gets interested in another cat—although this particular feline is one of the living.(Source: FUNimation)Shin Captain Tsubasa takes place at the International Jr. Youth tournament (U-16) in Paris, France. After defeating the Argentina Jr. Youth, Italy Jr. Youth and France Jr. Youth teams, Japan Jr. Youth reaches the final against the powerful West Germany Jr. Youth team. The giant goal keeper Müller, the ace Kaltz and Europe's best player Schneider offer the Japan Jr. Youth team an extremely hard final match.Short extras of the anime included in each of the six Blu-ray volumes of Amagami SS+. On the planet Earthdash, its inhabitants gaze on its moon and the technologically advanced lunar city of Mooneyes with awe. Dan JD, a boy living in Rollingtown on Earthdash's surface, gets caught up in Bigfoot Basketball—a fast-paced sport played with giant Bigfoot robots.(Source: AniDB)It is the year 2808. Three convicts are recruited as members of the Cyber Police to keep major criminal activity in Oedo (formerly Tokyo) in check. In return, their life sentences will be reduced by a few years for every mission accomplished. However, to ensure that these convicts are doing their job, the police have secured special collars around their necks. If they attempt to remove their collars or fail to meet the time limit of their mission, the collars will self-destruct. (Source: ANN)Makoto Naegi, a teenager with no remarkable talent, is surprised to learn that he has been accepted into Hope's Peak Private Academy: an elite school that gathers the best students from various fields. Despite believing his admission was just a fluke, Naegi is delighted to attend an institution known for ensuring success to those who graduate. Determined, he enters the front doors of the prestigious academy.However, after losing consciousness inside, Naegi wakes up in a seemingly abandoned classroom. Failing to comprehend how he got there, Naegi begins to explore, and to his surprise, finds his classmates assembled in the gym. While everyone is trying to figure out what happened, they are confronted by the school principal—Monokuma, a robotic teddy bear. The mysterious toy explains that the freshmen are trapped inside the school with only one means of escape—kill a classmate without being discovered.Tension fills the air as Naegi and his classmates realize that they are faced with two choices: participate in Monokuma's killing game, or reside together in the school for the rest of their lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, humanity has been driven to near-extinction by giant beasts known as Klaxosaurs, forcing the surviving humans to take refuge in massive fortress cities called Plantations. Children raised here are trained to pilot giant mechas known as FranXX—the only weapons known to be effective against the Klaxosaurs—in boy-girl pairs. Bred for the sole purpose of piloting these machines, these children know nothing of the outside world and are only able to prove their existence by defending their race.  Hiro, an aspiring FranXX pilot, has lost his motivation and self-confidence after failing an aptitude test. Skipping out on his class' graduation ceremony, Hiro retreats to a forest lake, where he encounters a mysterious girl with two horns growing out of her head. She introduces herself by her codename Zero Two, which is known to belong to an infamous FranXX pilot known as the "Partner Killer." Before Hiro can digest the encounter, the Plantation is rocked by a sudden Klaxosaur attack. Zero Two engages the creature in her FranXX, but it is heavily damaged in the skirmish and crashes near Hiro. Finding her partner dead, Zero Two invites Hiro to pilot the mecha with her, and the duo easily defeats the Klaxosaur in the ensuing fight. With a new partner by his side, Hiro has been given a chance at redemption for his past failures, but at what cost?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shortly after waking up in an unknown street with no clothes or memories, Retro and Pandy team up and begin a life of thrill chasing and violence. Retro's wild antics and Pandy's carefree personality make them the perfect partners in crime to cause mayhem wherever they strike.When an accidental mistake lands them behind bars, Retro and Pandy are sent to Dead Leaves—a high-security prison on the Moon. Once there, they soon discover that the other inmates are clones, all products of genetic mutation experiments. With nothing better to do, they escape from their cell and lead a prison break with the other captives. Armed with a crew of mutants and a hunger for havoc, the chaotic duo begins their wacky escape.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita asks Doraemon to take him somewhere they can dive and as a result the robot-cat uses several gadgets to make it possible for both to able to swim on an imaginary ocean above sea level. Inadvertently a mermaid ends up on Nobita's backyard when they turn off the illusion. Her name is Sophia and she is a princess of an ancient underwater civilization. Doraemon, Nobita, Shizuka, Jyaian, and Suneo quickly become her friends and are invited to visit her homeland. While heading towards the underwater kingdom they find themselves amid a conflict between the mermaids and an opposing tribe that has driven them away from their home planet thousands of years ago. Doraemon, Nobita, and their friends must then aid Sophia find a legendary sword that might bring peace once again to the seas. (Source: ANN) Specials included with Girls & Panzer: Saishuushou Part 3 Blu-ray and DVD.In the nineteenth century, we find Lydia Carlton living in Scotland, making a living as a fairy doctor. She is one of those rare humans who can see and communicate with fairies. But no one believes her. However, Edgar is in need of someone with a vast knowledge of fairy lore, and Lydia is just that person. After rescuing her, he becomes her employer, but there are many secrets and emotions that seem to follow Edgar, who claims to be the Blue Knight's Earl.Sousuke Kaburaya, an impoverished detective, meets Sara, a princess from another world with magical powers. They start living together, and Sara quickly adjusts her life to modern Japan.(Source: Shogakukan, translated)United Kingdom and America have to put aside their centuries of differences and cooperate if they want to stand a chance against Italy and Germany on the African Front. After being defeated by a questionable border defense system, France swears vengeance on Germany. In another part of the world, the Nordic countries discuss how similar they are to each other, much to Finland's dismay. Meanwhile, Sealand embarks on a very ambitious quest to search for the other micronations after befriending Wy and Seborga.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episodes included in the DVD volumes of Hetalia: The World Twinkle.Rika Furude and her group of friends live in the small mountain village of Hinamizawa; in June 1983, they welcome transfer student Keiichi Maebara into their ranks, making him the only boy in their group. After school, they have fun playing games and spending each day living their lives to the fullest. Despite this seemingly normal routine, Keiichi begins noticing strange behavior from his friends, who seem to be hiding the town's dark secrets from him.Elsewhere, a certain person watches these increasingly unsettling events unfold and remembers all the times that this, and other similar stories, have played out. Using that knowledge, this person decides to fix these broken worlds. However, when certain variables change, the individual is faced with a horrifying realization: they have no idea what to expect or how to stop the impending tragedy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Possessing a deep knowledge of mineralogy, Richard Ranashinha de Vulpian is a young and handsome British jewelry appraiser who owns a small shop in Japan. One fateful night, Seigi Nakata, a righteous college student, saves him from drunks who were harassing him due to his good looks. Upon learning of Richard's identity, Seigi hires him to appraise a pink sapphire ring that was left behind by his deceased grandmother.Before long, Seigi becomes a trusted part-timer at Richard's shop. Together, the duo solve various jewel-related requests from diverse clients of different backgrounds. Step by step, they unravel the hidden motives and feelings that lie within the gems in order to understand and empathize with the little stories behind each piece of jewelry.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"For us,good or bad, true or false, it is meaningless."When the world around you isn't what it seems, you may be in the midst of a Bug Man; powerful being who can warp the very nature of one's memories. The Memory Collectors are here to bring order... whether we like it or not.(Source: Anilist)Barsburg Empire's Military Academy is known for training elites who bring victory to the empire. Students of the academy freely utilize an ability called "Zaiphon" to fight, while the types of Zaiphon usable depends on the nature of the soldier.Teito Klein, a student at the academy, is one of the most promising soldiers produced. Although ridiculed by everyone for being a sklave (German for slave) with no memories of his past, he is befriended by a fellow student called Mikage. While preparing for the final exam, Teito uncovers a dark secret related to his past. When an attempt to assassinate Ayanami, a high-ranking official who killed his father, fails, Teito is locked away awaiting punishment.Only wanting the best for Teito, Mikage helps him escape. Teito ends up at the 7th District Church where he is taken in by the bishops. It is here that Teito attempts to evade the grasp of Ayanami and the Military, so he can rediscover his memories and learn why he is the person that can change the fate of the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Miya Tachibana, assuming her annoying brother Junichi will be unlucky in love and alone forever, decides to spy on him at school after hearing that some of her friends find him to be kind and caring. Through her spying, she learns that he gets along well with girls at school, which results in an even bigger misunderstanding, as Miya wrongfully assumes he likes men since he doesn't have a girlfriend. However, after she herself rejects a boy, Miya starts questioning how she views Junichi as she is reminded of Junichi's similar experience from two years earlier.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Reborn for the sake of a previous life. Reborn for the sake of martial arts. Chu Yang was under attack for the sake of the Jiu Jie Sword. Our hero was trapped and outnumbered by plunderers. Unexpectedly, between life and death, he was brought back 16 years in the past. Is this fate, or a coincidence? Will Chu Yang be able to change the past?In the 16th century, the city of Florence booms with cultural and creative revival in celebration of the Renaissance. Arte, a delightful young lady from an aristocratic family, dreams of being an artist and contributing to the renewal of civilization. However, with her father's death, she ends up losing the only person who believed in her passion for art. Now she is expected to marry a nobleman and live as a refined housewife without disgracing her family name. Reluctant to accept her fate, the headstrong Arte steps into the streets in search of a master artisan to take her on as an apprentice.In her quest for a mentor, Arte has to face harsh reality when she is completely shunned for being a female artist. No one believes that women are capable of fine craftsmanship, and therefore none are willing to accept her. Luckily, a renowned artisan by the name of Leo is persuaded to take her as his disciple since he has none anyway. And thus, Arte's new life begins, far from the comfort of her noble upbringing. As an apprentice, she must earn her keep while tackling various challenges along the difficult path to becoming a full-fledged, master artisan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The supermarket is an important building in any city, for they provide a convenient way to purchase a variety of food in a family-friendly, safe environment. However, these stores changes in the blink of an eye once the unsold bento boxes go on their nightly half-off sales! War breaks out and friends become foes as each person fights for honor, pride, and dinner. There are no longer any people in these supermarkets, only Wolves and Dogs⁠—winners and losers.High schooler You Satou is painfully introduced to these battles after unknowingly stumbling into the war zone, but instead of choosing to avoid these nightly fights, he wants to join in. After seeing Satou's lack of fighting skills, upperclassman and Wolf Sen Yarizui invites him and Hana Oshiroi, a girl who enjoys spectating the brawls, to join her Half-Priced Food Lovers Club to show them the distinction between the Dogs and the Wolves. Together, they learn what it truly means to fight for your food.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Curtis Newton, aka Captain Future, is an orphan. His parents died in their artificial satellite while he was an infant. His father was a scientist, who has abandoned earth for the satellite to dedicate his life for science along with his aging friend the genius Dr Simon Wright. Wright senses his death, and decides to implant his brain in a mechanical container. They both manufactured a superior robot and an android. Captain future dedicated his life to fight evil along with his three men, the brain, android, and robot. (Source: ANN)The sequel to Cencoroll.The stop-motion animated film based on Russia's Cheburashka character. Sakura Momoko's teacher assigns the third grade to draw an image based on their favorite song to enter a contest. Momoko loves a song she recently learned during her music class and is anxious to make a good drawing based on it. On her way to meet her relatives in Shizuoka, she meets Shouko Kimura, a university student who occasionally draws portraits at the local train station and plans to also participate in an art contest. Fascinated by her illustrations, Sakura meets Kimura once again. Shouko is enchanted by Momoko's sympathy and honesty. They quickly become friends and end up inspiring each other in their own way.(Source: ANN) Thirteen years after their sudden disappearance, an alien race known as the Heterodyne resurface without warning. To combat the Heterodyne, three office workers from the 21st Century Security Corporation operate Dai-Guard - a giant robot no longer regarded as an oversized paperweight. Unfortunately, Dai-Guard is somewhat obsolete and in disrepair. It's a tough job, but salarymen can also save the world. (Source: ANN)Comical adventure story starring Kasukabe Defense Forces and dealing with "food" as theme. Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke and his mates: Kazama-kun, Nene-chan, Masao-kun and Bo-chan) decide to attend "B-class Gourmet Carnival", a big event in Kasukabe, without their parents, to eat very tasty yakisoba sauce cooked by "Sauce's Ken". On the way, a mystery woman asks them to bring a legendary sauce to Sauce's Ken. They head to the event site with the sauce, but they wander off into a mountain, and "A-class Gourmet Organization", an organization plotting to eliminate B-class gourmet, seeks to take the sauce away from them.(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)The story continues where it left off at season 1, but now we start to get to know the people we already know a little more in detail.(Source: ANN)Shidou Itsuka carries on with his quest for Ratatoskr in finding Spirits and trying to seal their powers, all while maintaining his relationships with the ones he had already sealed. Moreover, as new Spirits appear, he must undergo more complicated trials—all to put a stop to further disasters as he discovers more about the Spirits' origin.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Umio is a shy kid who just started his part time job at a manga store smack dab in the middle of the city. But his lifestyle isn't as glamorous as the neon lights that illuminate the city. Umio's closest friends are his co-workers who are all unique characters, to say the least, and although they're nice people, they have their quirks. They are a tight knit group of friends, have nicknames for each other and spend their weekends inside, sheltered from the extravagant scene happening on the outside.(Source: MU)The three brothers discover that the human experiment banned after destroying the "Orochi", is still going on to secretly revive the evil snake. They also find out that some ex-members of the Yamainu (the Japanese military unit formed to kill the snake) are behind this conspiracy. The brothers fight together again in a battle against the military.(Source: Amazon Prime Video)With broken spirits and enigmatic questions that hold no answers lingering, Jil is still trying to figure everything out. Then, a mysterious girl named Kai appears before him and says: "Take me to the top of the tower."Kai's request shrouded in ambiguity, Jil will have another chance to work towards completing his destiny and ascend the Tower. With his hopes and aspirations seemingly slipping out of his hands, Jil must rise to the challenge once again on this never-ending adventure.(Source: Crunchyroll)The Holy Grail is a powerful, ancient relic capable of granting any wish the beholder desires. In order to obtain this power, various magi known as "masters" summon legendary Heroic Spirits called "servants" to fight for them in a destructive battle royale—the Holy Grail War. Only the last master-servant pair standing may claim the Grail for themselves. Yet, the third war ended inconclusively, as the Grail mysteriously disappeared following the conflict.Many years later, the magi clan Yggdmillennia announces its possession of the Holy Grail, and intends to leave the Mage's Association. In response, the Association sends 50 elite magi to retrieve the Grail; however, all but one are killed by an unknown servant. The lone survivor is used as a messenger to convey Yggdmillennia's declaration of war on the Association.As there are only two parties involved in the conflict, the Holy Grail War takes on an unusual form. Yggdmillennia and the Mage's Association will each deploy seven master-servant pairs, and the side that loses all its combatants first will forfeit the artifact. As the 14 masters summon their servants and assemble on the battlefield, the magical world shivers in anticipation with the rise of the Great Holy Grail War.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year is 2071. Humanity has been pushed to the brink of extinction following the emergence of man-eating monsters called "Aragami" that boast an immunity to conventional weaponry. They ravaged the land, consuming almost everything in their path and leaving nothing in their wake. To combat them, an organization named Fenrir was formed as a last-ditch effort to save humanity through the use of "God Eaters"—special humans infused with Oracle cells, allowing them to wield the God Arc, the only known weapon capable of killing an Aragami. One such God Eater is Lenka Utsugi, a New-Type whose God Arc takes the form of both blade and gun.Now, as one of Fenrir's greatest weapons, Lenka must master his God Arc if he is to fulfill his desire of wiping out the Aragami once and for all. The monsters continue to be born en masse while the remnants of humanity struggle to survive the night. Only God Eaters stand between the Aragami and complete and total annihilation of the human race.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world where death is not permanent, Terakomari "Komari" Gandesblood has been a self-proclaimed professional shut-in for the past three years. As part of the noble Gandesblood lineage, she once tried to meet the expectations of her family. However, as a vampire who cannot use magic or consume blood, she soon gave up on becoming an imperial general like her ancestors. Unfortunately, a misunderstanding with her father earns her the formidable position of one of the Seven Crimson Lords, the strongest fighters and generals in the Mulnite Empire. Now, Komari must hide her lack of talent from the soldiers she commands, or they may attempt to overthrow her. Working alongside her newly-assigned maid, Villhaze, Komari manages to trick her unit of soldiers into believing she is a ruthless warlord and promises to conquer the world. But as more people come to admire Komari, her life is further threatened as a vampire from her past reappears with every intention to kill her for good.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since childhood, 15-year-old Umika Konohoshi has been fascinated by aliens, hoping to one day voyage to outer space and befriend them. Unfortunately, this fixation has caused her peers to label her as odd, intensifying her struggle with severe social anxiety. Nevertheless, Umika's passion for the extraterrestrial persists, and she deeply believes that her true purpose is outside the confines of Earth.On her first day of high school, Umika's wish of meeting an alien seems to have finally come true when she encounters Yuu Akeuchi—a classmate who claims to have crash-landed on Earth with no recollections of her past. Umika tries to seize this opportunity to make friends with Yuu, but her lack of confidence hinders her. Sensing Umika's distress, Yuu suddenly uses a strange power to delve deep into her mind, thus sparking a friendship that may just help Umika reach her dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Frazzle-haired middle schooler Inari Fushimi is less than average; she's painfully shy and horribly clumsy, but despite all this, she is undeniably kind. Running about the winding streets of her hometown, she takes a shortcut through the local shrine and stumbles upon a small fox pup in a river. After rescuing him, she continues on, but from this moment on, her life takes a drastic turn.Grateful for rescuing the pup, the shrine goddess Uka-no-Mitama-no-Kami, "Uka-sama," grants Inari a fragment of her power. Now, Inari has the ability to transform into anyone by shouting the magical phrase "Inari, konkon." Could this power also grant her the courage to convey her feelings to her crush, Kouji Tanbabashi? With her new heavenly ability and the fox spirit Kon, Inari forms a sincere friendship with Uka-sama, encounters more of the supernatural world, and learns that true love knows no bounds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]DVD/BD Extras.A recap of season 1.A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei Devil Children: Light & Dark games (known as DemiKids in the U.S.).The year is 200X. Jin, Akira and Lena are three child hood friends who like mysterious things. One day in the library, along with the mysterious transfer student Ami, they find the "Akuma Compendium". They chanted an incantation in the book and, to their surprise, devils appeared. Ami then told Jin and Akira that they are the Devil Children that will decide the fate of the world. She hands them their Devil Risers. The group then pass through the "Door of Time" to the land of Valhalla where they fight an evil ruler known as Imperius who plans on conquering all of the world. The Nakama of Jin is Rand, a Sol Lion, and Akira's is Gale, a Hylon.(Source: Wikipedia.org)Deep beneath the surface of Southern Cross Isle, a mysterious organization known as the Glittering Crux Brigade frequently gathers in their underground fortress. The group is particularly interested in "Cybodies," stone giants which can transform into massive fighting humanoids but only in a realm known as "Zero Time." By finding and shattering the seals of the island's four seal maidens, Glittering Crux hopes to break free of Zero Time and use the Cybodies anywhere they please.One night, a young man named Takuto Tsunashi washes up on the island's shore and is rescued by Sugata Shindou and his fiancée Wako Agemaki, one of the island's seal maidens. After he awakens, Takuto quickly befriends the two and proceeds to enroll at the local academy, where many of his fellow students are secretly members of Glittering Crux. However, Takuto holds a secret: when in Zero Time, he can utilize a Cybody of his own—the Tauburn. In the forthcoming battle, Takuto and the Tauburn will be the key to preventing Glittering Crux from shattering Wako's seal and realizing its nefarious ambitions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episodes 14 and 15, released with the first and third BD/DVD volumes. Ichinomiya Kantarou grew up with the ability to see demons, but was isolated and bullied by others who did not share the same gift. Instead, he became being friends with the demons, gaining a great attachment to their existence. One day, Kantarou was told about the strongest demon, the one known as the ogre-eating Tengu. Amazed by the news of his strength, Kantarou vowed to find this demon who was far stronger than any other, deciding to call him Haruka when he did so. Since this time, Kantarou searched far and wide for the ogre-eating Tengu with no luck, making his living by becoming a folklore writer and demon-buster. On a particular job, Kantarou had finally found news of a nearby shrine supposedly the place where the ogre-eating Tengu was sealed.An evil alien life form, Dryus, assaulted the Earth. The leader of Space Patrol, Fighbird, pursed Dryus to the Earth. Fighbird combined with an android that Dr. Amano was developing. Fighbird named Hidori Ryutaro and fight against Dryus to protect the peace of the Earth. At first look, he was a normal person, but because he was an alien, Fibird, his acts were a bit away from the normal persons'. Usually, he worked for Dr. Amano as an assistant. He looked uncouth always wearing while coat and glasses. However, once enemy appears, his personality changed dramatically.(Source: AnimeNfo)Special episode included with the Blu-ray/DVD release of Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie. As a child, Fuu "Potte" Sawatari and her late father would often visit his hometown of Takehara and take pictures of the surroundings together. Now, five years since their last visit, Fuu and her family have moved to the town so that she can start attending high school. Although her father has been deceased for some time, Fuu carries on his legacy through her love of photography and the pictures she takes with his old camera.Believing that photographs have the power to turn the ordinary into something wonderful, Fuu and her friends grab every opportunity they can to capture the magic of everyday life on film and bring happiness to someone in the world who might need it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The four members of Milky Holmes are going on a study tour. While soaking in the hot springs among snow monkeys, alarms interrupt the relaxing environment! It was the work of the Thief Empire. A fierce battle between Milky Holmes and the Thief Empire begins, with both sides using their Toys (special powers). Furthermore, with the arrival of the Genius 4, a three-way fight occurs! In the midst of battle, a violent lightning strikes from the sky. Struck by the lightning, the four Milky Holmes girls lose their abilities.In a world where dead people turn into books and are stored in the Bantorra Library where anyone who reads a book can learn their past, Bantorra Library is maintained by Armed Librarians who wield psychic powers and their enemy is a religious society known as Sindeki Kyoudan. After a 'modified' ending to the Choubimaru incident, the punishments for the offending parties is metted-out, as well as a surprise marriage proposal by Misao to Mashisu. It almost didn't happen... until Mihoshi and Misao's mother Mitoto steps in and gives her and her family's approval, much to the dismay of FORMER G.P. Marshall Minami Kuramitsu. Otherwise, life goes on as usual for the Masaki clan. But soon when the question of how Tenchi's mother had died is presented, the answer nearly causes a rift between Tenchi, his father and his grandfather, for which only Tenchi's future mother-in-law Rea can solve... as well as the resolution of Noike's unusual secret. (Source: ANN)A 16-year-old boy named Shurato and his friend Gai happen to be drawn into a gigantic ball of light while competing in the final match of a martial arts tournament. When they regain their senses, they find themselves transferred to a mystic heavenly sphere with a divine atmosphere. It's soon discovered that Shurato used to be the governing king of this world and that he has only been brought to his original state. Shurato is shocked as Gai suddenly turns hostile. After this unfortunate incident, a spectacular yet fantastic drama develops involving the two.(Source: ANN)Tezuka × Atobe ÷ KoharuFudomine Middle School's tennis captain, Kippei Tachibana, asks rival school captains Kunimitsu Tezuka, Keigo Atobe, and Kuranosuke Shiraishi to assist him with his team's practice. Shiraishi's teammate, Koharu Konjiki, decides to tag along in hopes of being able to see his crush. Instead, Konjiki ends up becoming infatuated with both Tezuka and Atobe and struggles to pick between the two.Fuji Kyoudai no Houkago (Fuji Brothers After School)Seishun's Shuusuke Fuji asks his younger brother Yuuta to go shopping with him to pick out a present for their older sister's birthday. As they proceed with their plans, Yuuta's teammates from the St. Rudolph Academy tennis team catch a glimpse of the two brothers and initially think nothing of it. However, St. Rudolph's manager, Hajime Mizuki, misinterprets the situation and believes Shuusuke is trying to get Yuuta to transfer back to Seishun. In an effort to stop his plans, Hajime forces the team to secretly follow the brothers around.Initial ARikkai University-Affiliated Middle School's Akaya Kirihara always seems to get himself into sticky situations. Out on a shopping trip with Bunta Marui and Jackal Kuwahara, Kirihara bumps into Seishun's Takashi Kawamura, causing a stuffed toy Kawamura was carrying to go flying into a nearby dog's mouth. The two begin to chase the dog in order to get the toy back. Kawamura later recounts the story to Yamabuki Middle School's Jin Akutsu, who seems less than enthused about the ordeal.Kai☆ParaSeishun's Eiji Kikumaru shows up to morning tennis practice tired after staying up late at night to play Kai☆Para, a new online game. Vice-captain Shuichirou Oishi seems perplexed by the concept of an online game, which shocks his teammates. Eiji convinces his doubles partner to log onto the game later that night but fails to tell him the full name of the game, causing Oishi to play a different game instead that uses the same moniker.Nagisa no Motemote Watching (Beachside's Popular Watching)Rokkaku Middle School's tennis captain, Kentarou Aoi, is jealous of his teammate Kojirou Saeki and Yamabuki's Kiyosumi Sengoku, both of whom can effortlessly attract women. Overhearing his troubles, Shitenhouji's Konjiki decides to tell him the secrets to winning over a woman's heart.Omae no Kimochi ga Wakaranai (I Don't Understand Your Feelings!)After coming to afternoon practice late, Hyoutei Academy's Choutarou Ootori accidentally overhears the team's third years discussing who will become the captain once they graduate. Ootori's doubles partner, Ryou Shishido, states that between him and Wakashi Hiyoshi, he would choose Hiyoshi to lead Hyoutei. This upsets Ootori greatly and the two end up fighting during practice. In an effort to cool down, Shishido sets out to train on his own but runs into Seishun's Kaoru Kaidou, who offers his two cents on his situation.Docchi no Megane Show (Whose Glasses Are These?)After knocking over a display stand, Higa Middle School's Yuujirou Kai bumps into Hyoutei's Hiyoshi, knocking his contact right out of his eye. As Hiyoshi searches for his missing contact, his teammate Yuushi Oshitari and Seishun's Sadaharu Inui begin to argue over what type of glasses would best suit him.Unabara-matsu! (The Ocean Festival)Seishun's Ryouma Echizen and Takeshi Momoshiro are invited by Rikkai's Genichirou Sanada to their school's Ocean Festival. The tennis team is putting on a "Cinderella" play for the festival with Kirihara playing the main role, though the second-year ace is reluctant to be wearing a frilly pink dress for the part.[Written by MAL Rewrite]1. SlipstreamAbout a Luftwaffe pilot who must choose between his duty to his country: to guard a bomber loaded with Germany's final hope of victory... the world's first atomic bomb... or his duty to the world: to let it fall in flames to enemy Spitfires and be a footnote in history. Of course, things are complicated by the plane's other cargo... the woman he loves. 2. Sonic Boom SquadronNear the end of the war, Japan has implemented a new weapon -- a human-piloted rocket-propelled flying bomb. Aboard a bomber carrying one of these, young Ensign Nogami awaits his chance to die as a "cherry blossom", a suicide pilot. In a few hours, he will die. The date of his death is set: August 6, 1945.3. Knight of the Iron DragonTwo soldiers attempt to reach an air base in order to fulfill a promise despite the fact that it might have been rendered moot in the reality of war.(Source: ANN)The girls of 765 Production Studio are eagerly preparing for the International Music Festival on Vacation Island. Coupled with an amusement park and a high-class resort, the festival promises several days of fun for everyone. That is, until their producer announces that they only have enough room for one unit to participate.In three different scenarios where everyone is split into three groups, one of the three is chosen to partake in the International Music Festival, where they are treated to a three-day vacation before starring in the festival's concert. From the moment they step off the boat until the main event, each group of girls experiences the festival in their own way, excited to take part in the highly anticipated performance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The battle against Tendou Kodzunu is over, and the Magami Five begin to look forward to their senior graduation, hopefully planning for their adult futures. However, life in Tokyo is not at peace...The underground assassin group known as the Twelve Heavenly Generals of the Martial Fist begin to move against those protecting the city from demons. Normally rumored to kill criminals that the mundane law was unable to bring to justice, the Martial Fist now set their sights on Tatsuma Hiyuu, Kyouichi Houraiji, Aoi Misato, Komaki Sakurai, Yuuya Daigo, and Hisui Kisaragi. What is the purpose of this cruel turn of events? And who ordered the hit? New threats emerge as others awakened to powers unleashed by the Ryumyaku seek out the Magami kids - and old friends now return as enemies.Destinies will collide as the Stars of Fate begin to merge; Yin and Yang will meet. And soon the shadowy figure pulling the strings will reveal himself, in an effort to raze Tokyo to the ground and awaken the Vessel of the Golden Dragon.    The Mizuchi bloodline has long been hunted by Yokai, or monsters. Toru and Noboru Takagami are descendents of this bloodline, and under their grandmother's discretion, are given a secret weapon to combat these monsters. It is Tenko Kugen, a fox deity who can take the shape of a man or woman at will. The mischievous deity is accompanied by a shrine maiden, Ko, who will both live with the Takagami brothers at their house. Life just got complicated. (Source: NIS America) In the Tranquil Sun province of the empire, there exists an unremarkable lordship known as Xue Ying Territory! This is the home of the Dong Bo clan, the clan of our hero Xue Ying!His father, a commoner turned noble; his mother, a noble who abandoned her clan for love, and his brother, an innocent toddler. But peace cannot last forever, Xue Ying’s peaceful life is shattered, and the only way to reclaim it is through power!(Source: Novel Updates)Millennia ago, a war was fought between the Netherworld and the Spirit World. Ultimately, the Netherworld was destroyed and Lord Yakumo, the King of the Netherworld, was banished to the depths of space. Now, five defenders from the Spirit World must team-up against Yakumo's Demon-Gods for possession of five, mystical sites. But Lord Yakumo is dangerously close to reclaiming the Power Sphere—the source of the Netherworld's energy—and once it is again in his possession, our world will become the new Netherworld.(Source: AniDB)Adolf K. Weismann is sharing a peaceful meal with his loved ones, but as the days go by, some begin to realize that this perfect world where everyone is alive and happy seems too good to be true.(Source: TubiTV, edited)As Yumeko Jabami's fame grows and the reputation of the student council dwindles, Kirari Momobami decides to revolutionize the group. To this end, she announces an election for its next president. The rules are simple: each student in the school receives one chip. Whoever has the most chips by the end of thirty days becomes both the new president and the head of the Momobami clan.Upon receiving news of this development, the Momobami branch families spring into action. Eleven transfer students arrive at Hyakkao Private Academy, each aiming to lead both the school and the Momobami clan. Equipped with unique talents, they will compete to get as many chips as possible—but their chips are not the only things on the line.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In search for Araki Genzo, George Kodama finds himself in the small town of Kimujuku. George quickly realizes that he is unwelcome and is warned to leave as soon as possible. With two rival syndicates roaming the streets and a dark violent past, the town of Kimujuku isn't what it appears to be. George challenges the town of Kimujuku in order to reveal the towns dark hidden past and discover the truth. (Source: ANN)In the distant future, humanity has taken to the skies and colonized many planets throughout the universe. An agency known as the Galactic Organization of Trade and Tariffs (GOTT) has been formed to maintain order. Within GOTT, a secret squad of enhanced human beings—known as the ES Unit—carry out secret missions to put a stop to major galactic crimes. Two such operatives are the lowly C-ranked Éclair and Lumière.Despite being on the bottom of the totem pole, the pair wield formidable powers: Éclair's superhuman strength and lipstick whip and Lumière's ability to take control of any computer. Together, they can take on any mission that GOTT throws at them. But as they complete more and more missions, the duo begin to uncover a major conspiracy that leaves them questioning everything they know about themselves and the entire galaxy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eba Yuzuki has mysteriously decided to go to high school in the countryside. But despite Kirishima Haruto's objections, she is living in his home. Now he has to put up with a freeloading city girl and even worse, make sure Kanzaki Nanami, the girl he likes, doesn't get the wrong idea!Special included on Kuroko no Basket Fan Disc 3: Korekara Nandodemo.A recap episode of the first half of Kuroshituji told by Tanaka-san, aka episode 13.5. Including this recap episode, the series is 25 episodes long. Kyou no Go no Ni revolves around Sato Ryota, a 5th grader in an elementary school. He is a bright and active boy but always manages to get in to a bit of ecchi trouble with his female classmates.Following the line of the precedent OVAs (of the same name) This anime goes around the normal lives of some elementary school (5th grade, 2nd class room) kids and their adventures, while turning to teens. Their games, stupid jokes, and the misunderstandings around their premature attraction to the opposite sex. Ryota Satou is the main character here, but his friends are almost as important as him since the school wouldn't be the same without them, especially the girls who the majority of time appear to be mature by their ages but in the ends they are as childish and even more "dangerous" than the boys.(Source: ANN, edited)Evil Shinma (shape-shifting monsters and vampires) roam the Earth on a mission to unleash their darkness upon the Human race. Miyu Royal Princess from the dark is the Chosen One—the one being who must banish the Evil Shinma from the Earth. She has the power to offer Humans the gift of eternal happiness, yet is herself, trapped between two worlds; destined for perpetual solitude and internal conflict. Miyu's only companion is Larva, once an evil Shimna; now her devoted guardian. Together they share a dark journey through the weakness of the human heart and the tragic loss of innocence. Cut off from humanity by the knowledge of what she is, Miyu lives an endless quest as both the hunter and the hunted, on the edge of darkness. (Source: AniDB) An Australian farmer returns home from the woods with a baby named Georgie. The girl lives ignoring the terrible secret hidden in the golden bracelet on her hand. Her "Father" and Her "brothers", Abel and Arthur, love her dearly, but her "mother" considers her an intruder and doesn't manage to open her heart to the girl. Georgie grows up into a beautiful young girl, and both her "brothers" are deeply in love with her. Not knowing the truth, Georgie eventually falls in love with the handsome grandson of the British Governor. When Mother finally reveals the truth to her and condemns the girl for being an exile's daughter, Georgie leaves for Britain in search of her real parents - and for her love, who has also left Australia. Abel and Arthur follow her and the three are thrown into the cruel world of London aristocracy, lies and intrigues.In 18th century Paris, a coffin is found floating down the Seine River. It carries the corpse of noblewoman Lia de Beaumont: a spy of King Louis XV, and whose younger brother Charles d'Eon has just been knighted. When several disappearances occur throughout Paris, the young knight believes that they are somehow connected to his sister's death. Hoping to find her killers, d'Eon joins the secret police to investigate the incidents.Following the clues, they piece together that a conspiracy between members of the French and Russian nobility, spurred on by a cult, may be behind the disappearances. D'Eon concludes that Lia may have uncovered the truth while on a mission and was killed as a result.That night, the secret police are to arrest the Duke of Orléans on suspicion of being the mastermind. One of their own transforms into a demon called a Gargoyle and massacres the group. D'Eon attempts to rescue the sole survivor, only to find that he too has been transformed. During the ensuing battle, d'Eon is possessed by Lia's vengeful soul, who takes command of his body and slays the Gargoyle herself. In the aftermath, d'Eon must gather allies to discover the depth of this supernatural conspiracy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on the classic Nemo comic strips by Winsor McCay. A pioneer of animation, McCay created the first Little Nemo animated movie in 1911.Hayao Miyazaki and Isao Takahata were attached to this project at first, but left due to "creative differences." Ray Bradbury is also thought to have left the project in its earlier stages.Little Nemo - Adventures in Slumberland is the first Japanese anime to receive a national (wide) U.S. theatrical release.(Source: ANN)The land of Altera has observed an uneasy peace for years among Humans, Elves and Evil beasts who are loyal to the legendary Black Dragon. But the Black Dragon begins to stir from its hibernation, sending the Beasts marching across Altera. With a beast conquest perilously close, a small group of Humans and Elves unite to try to find a secret hidden road to the Black Dragon's cave and destroy it. But the fate of all of them may be in the hands of the young warrior Lambert, who must summon the confidence and skill to face the Black Dragon himself just when all may be lost.(Source: Official site)Mahou Sensei Negima! Mou Hitotsu no Sekai extra episode featuring Yue.Each episode of this series tells the story of a famous fairy tale from all around the world. Some of them are adapted from famous books such as "The Iliad".(Source: ANN)Sonoko is writing a script for a play. In her script, there's a murder case, and high-school detective Suzuki Sonoko is there to help solve it. Haibara finds flaws in the deduction section of the plot, and Ran decides to call Shinichi for help with the script.(Source: Wikipedia, edited)As the mermaid princess of the North Pacific (one of the seven mermaid kingdoms), Lucia entrusts a magical pearl to a boy who falls overboard a ship one night. Lucia must travel to the human world to reclaim her pearl and protect the mermaid kingdoms. Using the power of music Lucia is able to protect herself and the mermaid kingdoms from a growing evil force.Absent-minded schoolgirl Yoriko Kusumoto only has eyes for Kanako Yuzuki. After planning for their summer trip, their journey comes to a premature and brutal end when Kanako is found severely wounded on train tracks and Yoriko in tears on the station's platform. Shuutarou Kiba, a detective who happened to be on the train that hit the girl, takes up the investigation. However, he discovers that the mystery behind this case is intertwined with an intricate network of deceptions involving the Yuzuki family, especially its most prominent member, Youko Yuzuki—a famous actress and Kanako's sister.Although Kanako survives after surgery, her critical state prompts Youko to entrust a doctor, Dr. Koushirou Mimasaka, to take care of the girl in an ominous, box-shaped facility in the forest where she will receive experimental treatment. But soon after, on a night where Kiba and Yoriko visit Kanako, the convalescent suddenly vanished. Now searching for her whereabouts, the burden on Kiba dramatically grows when he learns about other gruesome discoveries: limbs of young girls in boxes. Kiba is suggested by a colleague that the macabre findings are related not only to Kanako's disappearance but also to the truth behind her sister. As the investigation continues, the detective—enlisting the help of his partners Tatsumi Sekiguchi and Akihiko Chuuzenji—has to find a way to solve this series of crimes and find Kanako back.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Goro Kumagaya is an established, tall middle-school goalkeeper who wanted to enter Yokonan high-school that is considered to be among the elites in terms of its football club, only to fail and end up in the lowly-ranked school opposite to Yokonan because of an accident. However, he met Shingo, Hideki and Kazuhito Oda who are all skillful footballers there and together in the Kawasaki High School football club, they challenge Yokonan and any other schools that they have to face in order to improve and become the champions. Any setbacks that they face would instead be an opportunity for a better improvement; one of which was the discovery of Goro's natural talent as an ace striker. (Source: ANN) The Straw Hat crew salvages a treasure chest from a sinking wreck, inside which they find an old lady. To get the pirates to take her home, she promises them the treasure of a golden crown on her island: Mecha Island. Upon arrival, the crew is attacked by the lord of the island but he has a change of heart and decides to seek their help to solve the mystery of the Golden Crown.(Source: ANN, edited)The Straw Hats embark on a dangerous trip to the sky where their destination comes straight out of a fairytale. The island of Skypiea and its grand city of gold await among the clouds, but a clash of winged clans and a man who calls himself God won’t make things easy! Only Luffy can resist this God’s mighty power and light the mysteries of the past.(Source: Funimation)Jing may appear to be a young boy, but his remarkable skills make him one of the most feared thieves on the planet. Along with his feathered partner Kir, Jing travels from town to town, stealing anything of value regardless of the amount of security. But when he's in a pinch, he has one more trick up his sleeve: Kir bonds with Jing's right arm to perform the effectively deadly "Kir Royale" attack. And because of all this, Jing is infamously known by many as the "King of Bandits." Iroe Genma is a third-year high school student often referred to as "Elder Sister" despite her short height. This troublemaking teenager is the president of her school's Model Club, which is dedicated to building plastic models of various objects and structures, such as cars, boats, and even robots.Joined by her two underclassmen, the violent Hazuki "Okappa" Okamoto and the rational Makina "Makimaki" Sakamaki, the small group aims to carry out their club duties but are often sidetracked by a myriad of distractions. From battles between club members to lessons on how to confess to your crush, these three schoolgirls get caught up in all sorts of wacky, and downright outrageous situations![Written by MAL Rewrite]As Satoshi continues his journey to become a Pokémon Master, he travels to Fura City to attend the annual Wind Festival. Pumped up, Satoshi and Pikachu are determined to win the festival's Get Race. Meanwhile, Kagachi, a show-off and a habitual liar, joins the competition at the request of his niece Lily. Having almost no knowledge about Pokémon, he manages to strike a deal with a socially awkward scientist named Torito in exchange for help with his upcoming speech. Following Kagachi's victory, Satoshi meets Risa, an ex-regional track and field champion looking to catch a Pokémon. However, during Torito's speech, Team Rocket strikes and manages to steal a capsule from his lab.Tragedy strikes one after another as the Wind Festival's Sacred Flame disappears! As they set off on a journey to find the culprit, Satoshi and the group meet many people on the way—including Zeraora, the Thunderclap Pokémon who was believed to be dead...[Written by MAL Rewrite]From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games.New series for Pui Pui Molcar.The Equipment: Living Forms, or ELFs, were created over fifty thousand years ago to assist humankind in their combat against the Honkai—the decay. With the project's success, the ELFs soon became sentient, compelling humanity to treat them as near-equals. However, when the Ninth Herrscher laid waste to the planet, almost all traces of ELFs vanished into the Sea of Quanta's endless abyss.Yet, there seems to be a bubble universe where the ELFs' fate has taken a brighter turn. Here, they live peacefully among humans and attend a specialized institution, ELF Academy, where they study as if they were human beings themselves. From Selune's Elegy's chuunibyou tendencies to Blood Embrace's "gangster" shenanigans, the peaceful environment of the academy is guaranteed to provide relief from the depressing state of the main universe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Deep in the dark recesses of the UnderNet, Forte sleeps as he drifts aimlessly. In this cybernetic graveyard, a pulsating power re-awakens Forte, alerting him to a dangerous being shortly ahead. A haunting face appears amidst a massive bright purple blob, laughing directly at Forte. Cursing him, Forte finds himself powerless as the blob takes form, and captures him within its grasp!Nearing the time of sunset, a peaceful city and its people go about their everyday business. Curious bystanders on a sidewalk glimpse a shimmering purple light, which suddenly expands into a tall pillar that reaches up to the sky. Screams erupt from the people as the pillar of light takes flight, absorbing everything in its destructive path. A tower clock dings the hour of 4 o'clock as the pillar disintegrates, leaving behind a trail of cybernetic residue and utter emptiness.'The Program of Light and Dark'(Source: Official Site)Episode 0, consisting of two subepisodes: "Sekirei Shindan" (鶺鴒診断) and "Sekirei Yoka" (鶺鴒余暇), of Sekirei: Pure Engagement included on the first DVD/BD volume.Living at a shrine with other orphans, Ouri Kagami is no stranger to corpses. But when he sees the patron of his orphanage, Keisei Tagami, seemingly revive the scarred corpse of schoolgirl Makina Hoshimura, he cannot help but feel incredibly shocked.Intrigued by the mysterious circumstances surrounding Makina, he learns that she is a Shikabane Hime—an undead being tasked with eliminating others like her who pose a threat to society. As Ouri goes about his daily life, his inexplicable run-ins with her are shrouded in abnormality. But as each encounter grows more intense, the two are brought closer together, and it may be their intertwining fates that hold the key to unveiling the secrets behind the world of Shikabanes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A recap of the first season, from Setsuna's point of view.In the year Cosmic Era 0071, a wartime brawl between two mobile suits results in the destruction of a neutral country. Shinn Asuka finds his entire family killed as casualties of the violence, and swears his life toward a vengeful pursuit of the Earth's Natural forces, under the impression they were the ones responsible for his family's death. Shinn works his way up through the ZAFT military forces, eventually gaining access to the cockpit of the prototype Impulse mobile suit.Athrun Zala, a veteran of the recent war employed in the service of diplomat Cagalli Yula Athha, finds himself drawn into a new conflict between the Naturals and the Coordinators: human beings artificially enhanced before birth and hated by the Naturals for their biological advantages.As the new war rears its head and violence becomes inevitable, Athrun finds himself as a mentor to the bitter Shinn. Athrun must steer the young pilot towards a mindset of mercy before his rage and desire for vengeance consumes him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the warmth of a golden sun, timid high school student Haruka Suzumiya confesses to Takayuki Narumi, the boy she admires. Takayuki accepts Haruka's confession and the two become a couple, supported by their mutual friends Mitsuki Hayase and Shinji Taira. All is well for these friends—until tragedy strikes. One of them is sent to an unenviable fate, lying dormant in a coma. Three years later, they awaken, but their sudden reappearance in everyone's lives threatens to test the limits of these friends' bonds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A completely new feature-length animation commemorating the 100th anniversary of Shigeru Mizuki's birth. The story of Kitaro's father is revealed for the first time.(Source: Official site, translated)On the run for crimes she did not commit, disgraced noblewoman Charlotte Evans collapses deep in the forest. A sorcerer named Allen Crawford—also known as the "Demon Lord"—finds and defends Charlotte from her pursuers. Since she has no place left to go, Allen takes pity on Charlotte and offers to hire her as a live-in maid.Allen quickly realizes that Charlotte has faced ridicule and hatred all her life from her so-called noble family, and she has never known what true freedom feels like. He decides to teach her about all the naughty things the world has to offer and enables her to surrender to her whims and impulses. Charlotte's sweet innocence proves an obstacle to his plans, but Allen is determined to show her the kind of life her family has denied her.Although he despises being social, Allen begins to open himself up to Charlotte. The longer they live together, the more they discover their similarities. Though most people have abandoned them, the duo promises to stay together, oblivious to their budding feelings for each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Low on luck after a series of unfortunate events, You Keika works part-time to try bringing himself out of a life of poverty. After a strange encounter with a white-haired man in a junkyard, You wakes up to discover that he was killed in a sudden accident and has become a spirit. The man he had encountered, Tanmoku Ki, is revealed as the 13th Youmeshi of the Tanmoki, the highest-ranking exorcist family of China. Noticing the wandering spirit, he offers You the opportunity to form a pact: he will offer You protection from humans and in return, You will have to become his spirit shadow, keeping him safe and guarded at all times.From then on, the two face untold challenges in the spiritual world, striving to keep those around them safe from harmful spirits. Along the way, the pact they formed grows into something more; a bond that neither of the two ever expected. Behind their roles as master and servant, a lingering admiration begins to emerge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The tests have come, and Keitaro can only hope to succeed. However, in the final stretch, he fails miserably and daydreams through the test. Assuming that he has failed, he runs away, so the rest of the cast hunts him down on a remote desert island to bring him back.The Toudai entrance exams have finally come (again) for Keitaro. With all his confidence Keitaro sits for the paper, but ends up falling asleep and dreaming about Narusegawa. Waking up with barely any time to complete the paper, Keitaro thinks he will fail the paper and tries to escape from Hinata Lodge and forget all the memories with it. By a stroke of luck he meets Seta, but ends up in a faraway island with the whole cast trying to look for him.(Source: ANN)Conan and Ran are visiting Heiji and Kazuha in Osaka when the four come across a trio of kids while touring the city. These children, who look eerily similar to the Detective Boys but with different personalities, are looking for their friend who has gone missing—and the two young detectives agree to help find the vanished boy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A kitten, abandoned and left for dead along with his siblings, is taken in by Tomu Kusanagi, who nurtures him and discovers that the tangerine cat he so adores is actually a genius who can talk, walk, read, and has even acquired a taste for liquor!A short OVA that was bundled with the limited edition of the eleventh volume of the manga.Fifty years ago, horrific creatures dubbed as the "enemies of humanity" suddenly appeared around the world. To combat these threats, teenagers gifted with supernatural abilities called "Talents"—such as pyrokinesis and time travel—hone their powers at an academy on a secluded island. Nanao Nakajima, however, is quite different from the others on the island: he has no Talent. With many "Talented" teenagers around him, Nanao is often a target for bullying, but even so, he still strives to complete his training. Soon after, two transfer students, the mysterious Kyouya Onodera and the mind-reading Nana Hiiragi, join the class. But just as everyone starts blending as comrades-in-arms, mysterious disappearances begin to threaten the class's entire foundation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the Fourth Great Ninja War quickly approaches, Sunagakure hosts a special Chunin exam to strengthen the troops of the Allied Shinobi Forces. Among the participants are Konohamaru Sarutobi, an ambitious rookie, and Naruto Uzumaki, who has become a renowned ninja. Despite the significant disparity in skill, Konohamaru is excited at the prospect of proving himself in a competition against Naruto—the one person he both admires and sees as his rival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nils Holgersson is a young boy on a farm who is cruel to the animals. But when he catches the farm's little goblin it becomes one prank too many. He is magically shrunk and suddenly the farm animals are out for revenge. He flees on the back of the goose Morten and they join up with a flock of wild geese. Together they travel all over Sweden, with Nils hoping to find a way to become big again.(Source: ANN)Haruka's manga and anime hobby is still concealed by her dear friend Yuuto, but Yuuto's other female friend starts to feel affection and attraction towards him, so a feelings war begins among their circle of friends. Meanwhile Yuuto tries to make Haruka happy doing what she likes the most: drawing manga, watching anime, and attending special anime events.(Source: ANN)An adaptation of the Whiskey Peak arc exclusive to some TV airings of One Piece: Episode of Alabasta.Shinichi Kanou is a shut-in otaku with a vast knowledge of anime, manga, and video games. One day, after applying for a job in hopes of escaping his secluded lifestyle, he is kidnapped and transported to the Eldant Empire—a fantasy world filled with elves, dragons, and dwarves. Trapped in this strange land, Shinichi is given an unlikely task by the Japanese government: to spread otaku culture across the realm by becoming an "Otaku Missionary."To accomplish his mission, Shinichi has the full support of the Japanese government, as well as the half-elf maid Myucel and Princess Petralka of the Eldant Empire. Together with this ragtag bunch, he will overcome the obstacles of politics, social classes, and ethnic discrimination to promote the ways of the otaku in this holy land.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set before the main story's "Battle in Nagoya" arc.The Shinoa Squad receives another mission from Guren; to rescue a human girl named Riko from a mysterious vampire, Shahar, and bring her back to her family. However, Ferid and Crowley also appear when they find Shahar. Can Yuuichirou save the girl?(Source: Crunchyroll)For some reason, Ainz and Shadow have swapped bodies! But... no one has noticed!? Even if the masters have swapped, there's no problem!(Source: Official YouTube, translated)The aloof high schooler Mo Fan has found himself in a universe similar yet distinctly different from his own mundane one; it is a place where magic has replaced the essence of science. Here, the most capable students are taught to master the wonders of spellworking to fend off large devastating beasts that lurk in the forests surrounding the city. Like his previous life, Mo Fan remains the son of a poor laborer and the older step-brother to a crippled sister. Despite these disadvantages, he dreams of attending a magic school to become a magician—a highly respected and lucrative trade—in order to repay his father for his hard work. Mo Fan is accepted into a renowned magic institution. However, rumors spread about his poverty and lack of magical ability, labeling him as the laughing stock of the school. Nonetheless, Mo Fan manages to harness not only the powerful fire element, but also the rare lightning element! Now armed with dual abilities, what dangerous encounters will the versatile mage face?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of the Rewrite series which adapts Moon and Terra routes.This is a summary of episodes 34-56.An extra episode included on the 7th DVD.Shana-tan specials bundled with the limited edition first and fifth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana II (Second) DVD and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana II (Second) guide book.Episodes#1: Shakugan no Shana-tan Begins#2: Shakugan no Shana-tan & Yoshida: Konoe Fumina no Gyakushuu#3: Shakugan no Shana-tan RevengeBased on the long cherished, classic Japanese novel Nanso Satomi Hakkenden by Bakin Kyokutei Takizawa (1767), a modified version of it was made into animation.Taking place in the future, during this time wars were occuring in heaven, mostly for possession between the eight moons created by the savior Fuse that surrounded God's land. When the war ended, there was only one ruling family - that of the Oowaris, and the remaining son gained control of all the moons of heaven, except for one. Meiten, the moon of the pope, where people refrained from war and were therefore out of it's terms.Eight people. Each from one of the eight moons. Each possessing one of the jewels - the elements that compose Earth. They are those who are destined to become saviors of humanity. All of them have sacrificed for these jewels, and are determined to complete their duty to Queen Fuse who entrusted these to them. When the mad emperor Kai threatens to revive a ghost who wants to prevent the restoration of Earth, these eight must battle using the powers given by their jewels in order to create Earth and defeat those who want to prevent it.So they all go to Kusanagi, the ship in the center of God's land. They must gather the jewels in the key called Yatsufusa at Kusanagi's center, in order to create Earth.(Source: AniDB)Class 3-E is getting ready for their class trip to Kyoto, and Koro-sensei is as excited as ever! Nagisa is in a group with Kaede, Karma, Tomohito, Manami, and the class idol Yukiko Kanzaki. The students are aware of the fact that this is a great opportunity to assassinate Koro-sensei, but they cannot help having great time with him. However, the trip becomes even more exciting and dangerous when they get attacked by a bunch of delinquents who kidnap the girls. As if that is not enough, there is a hired sniper named Red Eye lurking around, ready to be the one who would assassinate Koro-sensei and claim the prize. Can the students of Class 3-E rely on Koro-sensei even now?Unaired episode 13 of Aoharu x Kikanjuu bundled with BD/DVD volume 6.Ceres was a tennyo (Celestial maiden) who came down from the heavens to bathe in a stream. She hung her hagoromo (robe) on a tree nearby, which was her key to returning to the heavens. But the robe was stolen and the man who had stolen it forced her to become his wife, thus producing a family full of human and tennyo blood mixed.Now, in modern day time, Aya Mikage is a descendent of Ceres, and has quite an amount of tennyo blood. On her 16th birthday, she and her twin brother, Aki, are thrown a party. At the "party," Aya's grandpa plans to kill her, for she has tennyo powers unlike the rest of the family, and can actually become Ceres herself and destroy the Mikage family. Aya, however, can switch back, so this transformation happens quite frequently.With protector Yuuhi by her side, it is up to Aya to control Ceres and keep her from coming back, but her relationship with an ex-worker for her evil grandpa may be a distraction.Two years ago, the world was saved by Dan Bashin and the other light bearers of the cores. Having once risked his life in Grand Rolo's strife, Dan no longer finds passion in the mundanity of everyday card battles. When Dan desires to clash against stronger opponents, he is approached by Mai Shinomiya. She offers to bring him to the future, the stage of a new conflict where Dan's strength is needed.The two arrive in the year 2650, where civilization has been ravaged by the struggle for power between mankind and an otherworldly race known as "Mazoku." As humanity begins to crumble under the dominance of the Mazoku, the hardened light bearers are destined to cross paths once more. Armed with new cards from the future, Dan and the other warriors must yet again bear the fate of humanity on their shoulders.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The mega-corporate Daedalus Group is under attack by a small group of activists known as the Ghost of Icarus. While taking care of some of the victims of the bombing, Black Jack encounters Dr. Kiriko, also known as Death Incarnate, who just like him, asks his patients huge sums of money but instead of saving them, he offers them a painless death. When the activist group requests both doctors’ collaboration, Black Jack finds himself caught in a spiral of life, death and treason while trying to save his patients' lives and avoid the breaking of a biological war that could destroy humanity.(Source: ANN)Kurosaki Ichigo, the temporary Shinigami(Death God) for Kuchiki Rukia, discovers his mother's killer as one of the Hollows he has been hunting. He does battle with it in a prideful battle of revenge. This Special is actually a flashback of previous episodes in Bleach. After the ending credits, a short plays showing Shinigami and their Zanpakutos to "Number One" from the Bleach Soundtrack. Yobi, The Five Tailed Fox revolves around a kumiho, a nine-tailed fox that can assume different forms including human. Kumiho are familiar figures in Korean folk tales, and they are usually depicted as magical creatures that take female form to lure and prey on humans. This time, however, our protagonist is a young, kind-hearted fox with only five tails, instead of nine.After losing her family to fox hunters, five-tailed Yobi lives in the forest with some shipwrecked aliens, far away from the humans. When one of her alien friends gets captured by a villager, Yobi has no choice but to adventure into the human world to rescue him. At the village, Yobi meets many humans, including Geum Yee who studies at a school for maladjusted children. Interested in Geum Yee, Yobi joins the students and revels in the fun of human life, but both a fox hunter and a mysterious shadow man are on her trail.(Source: YesAsia)Chuukan Kanriroku Tonegawa is a spin-off of the Kaiji series, which follows Tonegawa, the right hand man of Kazutaka Hyoudou, the president of the Teiai Corporation and owner of numerous gambling tournaments. After Hyoudou is getting bored with his life, he orders Tonegawa to organize a so called "game of death" as it is his and his subordinate's job to keep the president in a good mood. Tonegawa must cooperate with his subordinates in order to make the president happy and what follows is a humorous story of his interactions with his subordinates and other characters of the Kaiji series.(Source: MAL News)Short episodes aired on KyoAni's official YouTube channel.Spirits are otherworldly entities with immense power, capable of creating spatial quakes whenever they appear. One way of dealing with them is through brute force and killing them... or making them fall in love and sealing their powers. Having sealed three Spirits, Shidou Itsuka continues his mission with Ratatoskr in locating more spirits and dating them, to ensure the world's safety from further destruction. However, this time around, their problems will not be limited to Spirits as a more imposing threat seems to have noticed their activities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the near future, humans have discovered a fourth dimension, Dimension W, and a supposedly infinite source of energy within. In order to harness this profound new energy, mankind develops advanced "coils," devices that link to and use the power of Dimension W. However, by year 2071, the New Tesla Energy corporation has monopolized the energy industry with coils, soon leading to the illegal distribution of unofficial coils that begin flooding the markets.Kyouma Mabuchi is an ex-soldier who is wary of all coil-based technology to the extent that he still drives a gas-powered car. Kyouma is a "Collector," individuals with the sole duty of hunting down illegal coils in exchange for money. What started out as just any other mission is turned on its head when he bumps in Mira Yurizaki, an android with a connection to the "father" of coils. When a series of strange events begin to take place, these two unlikely allies band together to uncover the mysteries of Dimension W.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Having dreamed of being in a world of magic, Nobita and Doraemon used the what-if-telephone-booth gadget to turn the world into one that is based on magic instead of science. Little did they know that demons exist and threaten this magical world.(Source: ANN)One day, Nobita picks a small rocket from which a small-sized humanoid alien Papi comes out. He came from the planet named 'Pirika' to the Earth to escape from the PCIA army of his planet. At the very beginning, Doraemon and his friends were confused by the small size of Papi, but with the gadget "Small Light", they became small and play together. However, the whale-shaped battleship, who chased Papi and came to the Earth, attacks Doraemon and Nobita to catch Papi. Papi blames himself for having involved everyone, but he tries to fight against the PCIA army. In order to protect Papi and his planet Pirika, Doraemon and his friends go to Pirika.(Source: IMDb)After graduating from high school, Mai Kawai's top priority was to find a job with a stable income to avoid turning out like her father. However, despite having taken a variety of civil service exams, she was faced with a harsh reality: nearly every institute denied her entry. The only place that accepted her was a police academy, which she reluctantly joined.Even now that she is an actual police officer, the world continues to be cruel to Mai. Due to her profession, she unexpectedly receives constant criticism from disgruntled citizens. Disheartened by the hostile treatment, she decides to submit a letter of resignation after just a few months of employment.But on the same day Mai chooses to quit, she meets Seiko Fuji—the former ace of the Criminal Affairs Division who is assigned as her new instructor. Finding her new coworker to be enchanting, Mai delays leaving and gives her uninspiring job a second chance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The film's story is set in the Doll Kingdom where dolls reside. Happiness Charge PreCure are asked to help by a women named Tsumugi when the sudden appearance of Saiarks begin wrecking havoc upon the Kingdom. However all is not what it seems with the mysterious man Black Fang dwelling in the shadows.(Source: ANN)The Fan Disc includes the unaired episode "Ore-sama Nikki Sono 2"The year is 21XX. Reploids are commonplace now, after Dr. Cain rediscovered Dr. Light's old lab and based several designs off of Dr.Light's original, called "Megaman X." X, meanwhile, has joined the Maverick Hunters, and works with unit leader Zero under the command of General Sigma. It is their job to terminate rogue reploids, those who have become violent. (Source: ANN)Making her grand return from space, Jashin-chan still seeks to kill Yurine Hanazono to get back into Hell. However, the attempted murder is put on hold when Yurine drags her out to the beach alongside the rest of her friends. Wasting valuable planning time, Jashin-chan instead finds herself spending the day doing what her summoner and her good friends do: swimming in the ocean, eating shaved ice, fighting a Kraken, and having a barbecue.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yorito Morimiya is obsessed with the sky. He especially loves taking pictures of its array of different faces—sunrises, sunsets, clouds. On one of his early-morning excursions to photograph the sunrise, Yorito meets a strange girl engaged in an argument with a vending machine. By the time that Yorito forces the girl's tomato juice out of the machine, she's vanished without a trace.Sola follows the story of Yorito, his sister Aono, and their childhood friends Mana and Koyori Ishizuki, as well as that of a mysterious girl who appears and disappears, and who seems to harbor a dark secret. In a world where magic and the supernatural are never far below the surface and no one is who they seem to be, love and loneliness vie for supremacy beneath Yorito's sky. Daru, a cherished handmade stuffed toy, gets lost and separated from its owner one day when at the airport. Determined to find her again, Daru sets out on a journey around the world in search of her. As time passes, the girl begins to forget about Daru. Will Daru be able to find and see his beloved owner again?(Source: Crunchyroll)Lucius Modestus, an ancient Roman architect, finds himself job-hunting due to having trouble coming up with new ideas. As his demeanor and personality become dismal, his friends try taking him to a bathhouse for him to relax. Unable to unwind in the bustling and crowded bath, Lucius dips his head in the water. Down there, he finds a secret tunnel that transports him to a modern-day Japanese bathhouse, providing him the inspiration he needed to make a new creation.Loaded with what seems to be knowledge way ahead of his time, Lucius does his best to try and recreate his findings, usually inferior in quality due to his circumstances. However, the sheer ingenuity may be just enough to gain the attention of the citizens and regain his reputation as an architect. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the 14th, 16th, and 17th volumes of the UQ Holder! manga.Ushio thinks his father's tale of an ancient ancestor impaling a demon on a temple altar stone with the legendary Beast Spear is nuts, but when he finds the monster in his own basement, Ushio has to take another look at the family legend! Fortunately, Ushio knows it's best to let sleeping dogs lie and leave captured demons where they are. Unfortunately, the release of the monster's evil energies begins to beckon other demons to Ushio's hometown! To save his friends and family from the invading spirits, Ushio is forced to release Tora from his captivity. But will the cure prove to be worse than the curse? Will Ushio end his life a Tora-snack? Or will the Beast Spear keep Tora in line long enough to save the city?(Source: AniDB)Entering her Master's course, Nanami Haruka is facing an even more difficult time. And she isn't the only one. The main six members of Starish are assigned new seniors to watch over them! But the seniors aren't having the best attitudes about it. Watch Uta no☆Prince-sama♪ Maji Love 2000% and find yourself completely engaged in a whole new adventure mixed in with comedy and romance!A three part OVA of Utawarerumono. The animation work will be done by the same staff that did the opening of the game the show was based on. The story will cover parts that weren't shown in the anime series. (Source: Moon Phase)Inaba Yuushi's parents died in his first year of middle school, and he moved in with his relatives. Though they did care for him, he could tell he was a burden. After he graduated, he happily prepared to move to a high school with a dormitory. Unfortunately, the dormitory burned to the ground before he could move in! Yuushi doesn't want to live with his grudging relatives, but it's rough finding lodging as an orphaned student with little money. He finally finds a room in a nice old building which seems too good to be true.The catch is that it is a Monster House, a place where humans and supernatural creatures—ghosts, mononoke, etc.—live together. Another high schooler lives there, a cute girl named Akine, and she's completely unfazed by the monsters. In fact, she can even exorcise evil spirits! Yuushi's high school life just got much stranger than he ever bargained for!(Source: MangaHelpers)Suddenly, an evil empire, Jaaku, raids the Earth. But the light appears from the Earth, and fights against Jaaku. It is Raijin Oh operated by Eldran. Eldran has protected the earth since the ancient ages. But he was injured during the fight, and Raijin-Oh falls to the ground. On the other hand, Jaaku scatters their weapons, Aku-Darmer, all over the world.Meanwhile, in Youshou elementary school, they have extra lessons in the 3rd class of the 5th grade. Eldran leaves Raijin Medal to them and asks them to save the Earth for him, and then he disappeared. In this way, the Earth Defense Agency consisted of elementary students is founded.(Source: AnimeNfo)Due to her father's remarriage, robust 16-year-old Himeno Awayuki moves into a large mansion with a beautiful garden—the quintessential dream house for any girl her age. However, much to Himeno's disappointment, her new stepfamily doesn't really seem to like her, as her stepmother often occupies herself with her father, her younger stepsister Mawata ignores her, and her other stepsister—the equally aged Mayune—tries to prank her at every opportunity.But Himeno doesn't have time to dwell into thoughts of hopelessness—her new life has now become involved with a group of seven magical boys known as the Leafe Knights, after they ask her to become a magical princess who can borrow their powers! Although Himeno accepts their request and becomes the Prétear, she feels doubtful in her abilities to protect the world and its Leafe, the source of energy for all life. Will Himeno be able to find happiness among her new family and also save the Earth from the enemy, the Princess of Disaster?[Written by MAL Rewrite]"All stars" season of Show by Rock!! featuring all the bands from previous seasons.Lina and Gourry travel to a seaside town named Acassi, where octopus tentacle is a delicacy. However, the octopus meat carries a curse that dooms the eater to only speak Takogo (octopus language). Amelia, Zelgadiss, and Xelloss all show up, and the main four characters (Lina, Gourry, Ameria, Zelgadiss) get cursed. The octopi enlist the power of a mazoku to get rid of the humans once and for all. The white sorceress Ruma must learn the cure to the curse from her long-lost master in order to save the town. (Source: ANN)Four members of the Din Republic's spy team Lamplight embark on a mission to capture an enemy spy. Although they struggle to work together due to their clashing personalities, Thea, Monika, Erna, and Annett complete their objective. While enjoying a short break, the four girls encounter a woman named Matilda, who claims to be Annett's mother. As they get to know Matilda, the team is dragged into an escalating conflict that tests their teamwork and allegiances.Meanwhile, the remaining Lamplight members notice that the dispatched squad has yet to report back. Worried about their allies, Klaus and Lily set out on an emergency expedition to locate their missing teammates. As the two uncover troubling information about rising tensions in the area where their friends last were, they must act quickly to reassemble the team before the mission reaches the point of no return.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Teenager Yamato Akitsuki has moved from the Hiroshima countryside to Tokyo to begin his high school career. In return for room and board, he has agreed to help his aunt and cousin run their bathhouse and the adjacent girls-only dormitory where he will be staying. On his way to meet his relatives, he passes by a local high school track and is mesmerized by a high jumper practicing her technique.Later on, Yamato finds out that the high jumper is not just another resident of the dorm, but is also his neighbor. Suzuka Asahina is a heavily scouted track and field athlete who is attending the same high school he is enrolled in. A perfectionist by nature, Suzuka is put off by Yamato's clumsy and carefree attitude and finds it difficult to be near him.Determined to win her over, Yamato joins the track team after discovering his hidden talent for sprinting. Through his interactions with the track team, his classmates, and the ever-inebriated college students in the dorm, Yamato finds the resolve to become a better athlete and a more suitable companion to Suzuka, even if it means pushing himself to the point of exhaustion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of Tensei Shitara Slime Datta Ken 2nd Season.Uzuki Shimamura is an aspiring student who dreams of being an idol. After failing her first audition, a producer from 346 Productions tells Uzuki that she has been chosen for the "Cinderella Project," a new idol group. The project, however, still lacks two other members, so the producer needs to scout suitable candidates.The producer's eyes fall upon Rin Shibuya, who is in the midst of an incident with an upset crowd. As the imposing producer defends her, the two of them are taken in for interrogation by the police, and released after some explanation. Taking this opportunity, he scouts Rin for the Cinderella Project, only to be rejected. Will the producer be able to find two more members for his idol group?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Prequel story of The iDOLM@STER SideM featuring Jupiter.Fantasies and miracles never interested Ayu Tateishi, a popular second-year student at her middle school. She was content with preserving her image of being cool, calm, and collected—all to catch the eye of her crush, Tetsushi Kaji. Ayu's carefree youthful days are interrupted by the appearance of Nina Sakura, a new transfer student who turns out to be a witch. As the only person who knows about Nina's ability to cast spells using a mini-computer, Ayu is forced to help Nina with her mission to find the five Holy Stones, qualifying her to marry the prince of the Magic Kingdom.Unfortunately, Nina's ineptitude with magic and her habit of meddling in Ayu's personal life cause nothing but trouble for the two of them as Ayu toils to maintain her good reputation and Nina struggles to hide her secret from the discerning eye of Hiroki Tsujiai, Tetsushi's best friend and an avid fan of manga. And when Nina's search for the five Holy Stones brings allies and challengers from the Magic Kingdom, Ayu is dragged into a world she never even dreamed was possible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special episodes included with the fourth volume of Uma Musume: Pretty Derby Blu-ray release.Unico the Unicorn has the amazing power to make anyone he meets happy. Whether it's because of his personality or the powers of his horn, no one knows. However, the gods become jealous of Unico, thinking that only gods should be able to decide or let people be happy or not. Unico is banished to the Hill of Oblivion, and the West Wind is ordered to take him there. She can't stand giving this fate to an innocent like Unico, so Unico's adventures begin, as the West Wind takes him from one place and time to the next, in a neverending journey to escape the wrath of the gods. In this adventure, Unico meets Beezel a devil child and then Katy (Chao), a cat who wants to be a witch! Can he become friends with them?(Source: AniDB)Thirteen years after Yang Jian (known to some as Erlang Shen) imprisoned his sister beneath a mountain, the once powerful god now scrapes by as a penniless bounty hunter. When a mysterious woman hires him for a new job, Yang Jian soon finds himself chasing down a familiar figure. He must stop Chenxiang, his long-lost nephew, who is in search of the magical lotus lantern that will free his mother, even if it will bring catastrophe. As Yang Jian confronts the actions of his past, he must face a host of dangerous vigilantes seeking the same treasure with the power to alter the balance of their worlds.(Source: Movie Insider)When Ha Eun takes shelter from a sudden downpour, she runs into someone she recognizes as her classmate. She greets him but is met by a cold shoulder, his curt replies shutting down her other attempts at conversing with him. When the awning above Ha Eun tears apart, she takes cover under the boy's umbrella and accidentally hugs him. Abashed and still annoyed, Ha Eun apologizes as the boy boards his bus.As luck may have it, the two meet again when Ha Eun's university friend, Yeo Reum, invites both of them for dinner. The classmate  is introduced as Yeon Woo and turns out to be Yeo Reum's childhood friend. After several drinks, another friend of Yeo Reum escorts him back home, leaving Ha Eun and Yeon Woo alone. The two share an intimate moment devoid of words. Will this be the first of many?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The summary movie compiling episodes from the 3rd season of the anime with some new scenes.The business elite—Yi Ning traveled to the Wu Dynasty in an alternate history, and became a son-in-law with a low status—surnamed Ning, named Yi, and a courtesy name Liheng. Because Yi Ning dreamed of martial arts since childhood, he simply hid his already familiar business skills in the second life, and aspired to become a generation of heroes. Unexpectedly, the morals of the world are not as simple as he thought. After becoming Ning Yi, not only was he involved in important court cases, but the Su family that he had joined was also threatened by powerful enemies... (Source: Bilibili, Google translated & edited)A picture drama special bundled with the BD/DVD release of the main film. It focuses on the relationship between Sena and Midori.The beautiful Jeanne marries a man named Jean, and the happy newlyweds make their way to the Lord's castle with a cow's worth of money for his blessings. However, the demonic Lord is unmoved by their offering, ignoring their desperate, impoverished pleas. The Lord's wife offers an alternative: Jeanne must become the Lord's conquest for the night in a ritual deflowering.Scarred by the experience, the shaken Jeanne receives no sympathy from her husband. Instead, she is neglected. But as Jeanne drifts off to sleep, she is met by a strange spirit that encourages her to deliver retribution to those who wronged her. And with a mysterious surge of pleasure and an unquenching libido, Jeanne agrees.Kanashimi no Belladonna is a captivating, psychosexual adventure that tells a story of cunning witchcraft and deceitful superstition in a poor, rural village of medieval France.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A few young girls with strange powers and a tree that has grown through a railcar cling onto life in a desolate land, searching for its last reservoirs of water. Their routine struggle to survive is interrupted by the arrival of Wakaba, a boy with no memory beyond his own name. The girls and their new companion commit to a perilous journey across seas of burning red fog—all in order to find what they need to sustain themselves on the more distant, dangerous islands swarming with robotic bugs. Their ultimate fate will be decided by their own strength, along with Wakaba's curious ability to understand the Kemurikusa: mysterious glowing leaves with wondrous powers. Besides the girls, Wakaba, and the hordes of ravenous bugs, the Kemurikusa are the last sparks of life surviving in this land. How did things end up this way? Why are there so many empty buildings with no one to live in them? Wakaba and the girls lack the answers to these questions, which means the truth can only be found within the Kemurikusa.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Kimi ni Todoke story so far, from Kurumi's point of view. Mizuki Usami is a passionate member of her school's art club, but the club has a problem—Usami is the only member who takes her craft seriously! The lazy club president constantly sleeps through activities and Collette hasn't regularly attended club activities in quite some time. Uchimaki Subaru, despite being an exceptional artist who could win an award if he tried, is obsessed with drawing the perfect 2D wife.Light-hearted and comedic in tone, Kono Bijutsubu ni wa Mondai ga Aru! follows Usami as she struggles to do art club-like activities, often obstructed by her motley crew of good-for-nothings and her distracting crush on Subaru.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a world covered by an endless sea of sand, there sails an island known as the Mud Whale. In its interior lies an ancient town, where the majority of its inhabitants are said to be "Marked," a double-edged trait that grants them supernatural abilities at the cost of an untimely death. Chakuro is the village archivist; young and curious, he spends his time documenting the discovery of newfound islands. But each one is like the rest—abandoned save for the remnants of those who lived there long ago. For the first time in six months, another island crosses the horizon, so Chakuro and his friends join the scouting group. During the expedition, they find vestiges of an archaic civilization. And inside one of its crumbling remains, Chakuro discovers a girl who will change his destiny and the world inside the Mud Whale as he knows it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on a manga about cats and their sake loving owner.An ordinary and unlucky high school student, Lu Mingfei, one day received an admission letter from Kassel College, a foreign private university. After hesitating and hesitating, Lu Mingfei decided to find out. So far, he has stepped into the world where the "Dragon" exists, his life has undergone earth-shaking changes, and he has embarked on the journey of "slaying the dragon".(Source: Garden Culture)With an actress mother, producer father, and rockstar brother, anyone would expect Izumi Sena to eventually enter showbiz himself. However, aside from a commercial for a wedding magazine when he was a child, Izumi has never been in the spotlight; instead, he aims to become a manga artist. But a decade after the shoot, the magazine calls for a 10th anniversary ad, requesting the original child actors for the project. This reunites Izumi with Ryouma Ichijou, now a popular actor who, much to Izumi's shock, has been in love with him ever since their first meeting! However, due to Izumi's feminine appearance and unisex name, Ryouma believed the boy was a girl and continues to do so to this day. Izumi's troubles are just beginning, because even after discovering the truth, Ryouma can't seem to shake off his feelings...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gyagu Manga Biyori is an anime that is about absolutely nothing. It is comprised of 12 short stories (5 minutes long each) that only build up a small amount of plot for each story. The anime feeds off the stupidest things, but is quite humorous.(Source: ANN)Midori Makibao is a small white racehorse. Compared to other thoroughbred horses, he looks more like a donkey with wide nostrils; however, with his guts and speed as his weapon, Makibao wins in every big race.In the beginning of his career, Makibao had a trouble making his debut as a racehorse, because of his appearance and various disadvantages he had. But Makibao had reasons to overcome his difficulties; there was a lifelong rival horse called Superhorse Cascade, that Makibao needed to defeat. Plus, he was determined to win back his mother, a horse that had been taken away for pay back the debt on the farm.There are many hardships that Makibao has to overcome, but he thrives in the series of races to become a great racehorse.(Source: pierrot.jp)The happy-go-lucky Michi Sonoda announces to her teammate, Sanae Takigawa, that she will quit judo for good after her final middle school tournament. This leaves Sanae in disbelief; after all, it was Michi's passion toward the sport that reeled Sanae into judo in the first place. Michi claims that a well-spent youth should be associated with things such as getting a boyfriend rather than sweaty tatami mats.However, Michi's plan to end her fledgling judo career with a bang is spoiled after experiencing an embarrassing defeat at the hands of the talented Towa Hiura. Later, her plan is further derailed when she finds out that Towa has enrolled in the same high school as herself and Sanae. With the sudden appearance of her past foe, Michi may soon realize that she still has lingering feelings for the sport of judo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The competitive shinobi world has proven to be challenging for Rock Lee, who lacks the typically required abilities. To compensate for this handicap, the young ninja tenaciously endures severe training to hone his hand-to-hand combat skills. Whenever necessary, he also resorts to creative fighting techniques. With the constant support of his teammates Neji Hyuuga and Tenten, Lee readily embraces daring adventures as opportunities to advance on his path toward excellence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Brothers Lucifer, Mammon, Leviathan, Satan, Asmodeus, Beelzebub, and Belphegor are among the most powerful demons in the Devildom, serving as officers on the student council at the Royal Academy of Diavolo (RAD). However, being avatars of the seven deadly sins, their behaviors often tend toward the extreme. Their everyday antics belie their high status and fearsome reputations among others of their kind. When viewed behind the scenes, the members of this family are more lovable—and laughable—than they first seem![Written by MAL Rewrite]The Straw Hats encounter a city in the middle of a whirlpool, called the Ocean's Navel, that is being destroyed by giant monsters. These monsters supposedly protect a treasure capable of granting wishes, but in the process of defeating these guardians, the crew ends up releasing another evil.  (aired after Episode 53)(Source: Wikipedia)TV anime adaptation of Motomiya Hiroshi's manga "Otoko Ippiki Gaki Daishou" about young gang leader and all the trouble and fights his gang gets into, serialized in Weekly Shonen Jump.(Source: AniDB)Unaired episode included in the fifth Blu-ray and fourth DVD volume.Kaito Daimon would be a completely average high school student except for one thing: he's a "demon" at solving puzzles. Kaito is so brilliant, in fact, that when he's asked to take some 'special' tests of his unique ability, he immediately suspects that the test itself is a test. Kaito suddenly finds himself caught up in a lethal Philosopher's Puzzle made by the sinister group POG, a murderous maze of trap upon trap, where failing to solve the secret correctly will result in death! Fortunately, Kaito's skills prove up to the first test, both for himself and his childhood friend Nanoha, who is also caught up in the deadly scheme. But now that he has been designated as a Solver, he is pulled into a new life where he must travel the world with other Solvers, attempting to solve the latest deadly riddles left by POG. There's a new conundrum around every corner and each deception could lead to death, but once a riddle has been posed, you can count on Kaito to unfold, unravel and unlock it!(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Three years ago, the long war between the Royal Empire and the Republic of Frost came to an end. With both nations a long way from recovery, a passionate young woman named Alice L. Malvin leads the Pumpkin Scissors, a unit of the imperial army specializing in war relief.During a mission to assist a village occupied by renegade soldiers, Alice meets Randal Oland, a scarred former soldier with a sordid past and kind heart. Encouraged by the efforts of the Pumpkin Scissors, he joins the team on their mission. During the assault, however, Randal enters a trance-like state prompted by a mysterious blue lantern. As a result, he acquires monstrous strength and decimates the enemy forces.Despite having witnessed Randal's disturbing transformation, Alice invites him to join her squandrant, confident that his gentle nature will prevail and make him a perfect fit for the Pumpkin Scissors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Similiar to the "Himura Kenshin's Greatest Hits" from the first special, this episode goes through every technique of the Hiten Mitsurugi Ryuu and explains how it works.The time: 1814. The place: Edo, now known as Tokyo.One of the highest populated cities in the world, teeming with peasants, samurai, townsmen, merchants, nobles, artists, courtesans, and perhaps even supernatural things.A much accomplished artist of his time and now in his mid-fifties, Tetsuzo can boast clients from all over Japan, and tirelessly works in the garbage-loaded chaos of his house-atelier. He spends his days creating astounding pieces of art, from a giant-size Bodhidharma portrayed on a 180 square meter-wide sheet of paper, to a pair of sparrows painted on a tiny rice grain. Short-tempered, utterly sarcastic, with no passion for sake or money, he would charge a fortune for any job he is not really interested in.Third of Tetsuzo's four daughters and born out of his second marriage, outspoken 23-year-old O-Ei has inherited her father's talent and stubbornness, and very often she would paint instead of him, though uncredited. Her art is so powerful that sometimes leads to trouble. "We're father and daughter; with two brushes and four chopsticks, I guess we can always manage, in a way or another."Decades later, Europe was going to discover the immense talent of Tetsuzo. He was to become best known by one of his many names: Katsushika Hokusai. He would mesmerize Renoir and van Gogh, Monet and Klimt.However, very few today are even aware of the woman who assisted him all his life, and greatly contributed to his art while remaining uncredited. This is the untold story of O-Ei, Master Hokusai's daughter: a lively portrayal of a free-spirited woman overshadowed by her larger-than-life father, unfolding through the changing seasons.(Source: Production I.G)The series "Once Upon a Time... Life" teaches about the human body and about the different systems in it with the same characters from the other "Once Upon a Time" seasons. "The good Characters" represent the body's defense mechanisms, whereas "the bad Characters" represent the viruses and bacteria that threaten to attack the human body.(Source: Wikipedia)New episodes bundled with the limited edition eighth and ninth manga volumes.Special episode included in the Blu-ray Box of Ano Natsu de Matteru.Kakeru and Suguru are brothers who both have a flaming passion for soccer. However, while Suguru becomes a rising star in the Japanese youth soccer system, Kakeru decides to take on a managerial role after struggling on the field. But due to a cruel twist of fate, Kakeru ends up reevaluating the role he has chosen.In hopes of one day being able to enter the World Cup by becoming a member of the national team, Kakeru trains harder than anyone else. He isn’t alone in this quest for glory, though. Kakeru's childhood friend, Nana, is a soccer prodigy of her own, with the wicked nickname “Little Witch”. She is a top-ranked player and is already playing for Nadeshiko Japan, the Japanese women’s national team. Nana's success gives Kakeru the extra push he needs to reach for his goals.Soccer and adolescent fervor combine for an epic, emotional ride. Check it out for yourself in Area no Kishi!After rescuing his former classmates from the perils of a labyrinth—a mythical place that grants a divine magic to whosoever triumphs over its trials—Nagumo Hajime emerges victorious, while the new heroes of the fantasy world Tortus must face their first major failure. Together with his traveling companions and the new team member Kaori Shirasaki, Nagumo resumes his journey to conquer all labyrinths and eventually return to his original world.Meanwhile, the heroes from Earth try learning from their mistakes and prepare for the demon army's invasion. As the final confrontation looms closer, new and old enemies start setting their evil plans in motion. Once more, Nagumo must prove that he can prevail against the most formidable opponents, all while protecting the ones he holds closest to his heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuation of Teppei's journey with B't X to rescue his brother Kotaro Takamiya from the Machine Empire. The OAV series picks off from the TV series from the point where Hokuto successfully saves both Teppei and B't X and makes B't X far more powerful than before.(Source: ANN)Spin-off of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu that has been serialized on Famitsu Comic Clear website since 2010.These specials are included in the Baka to Test Ni! BD/DVD releases.A fantasy action set in a world of Western films. One day the Nohara family, Kasukabe Defense Forces (Shinnosuke Nohara and his mates: Kazama-kun, Nene-chan, Masao-kun and Bo-chan), and other people living in Kasukabe City get lost in a world within a Wild West film, which is a city ruled by an evil governor named Justice. The time progression has been stopped there because the film is unfinished but people are losing their memories about the past little by little. To go back to their former world, the Kasukabe Defense Forces tries to defeat Governor Justice and finish the film before everyone loses their memories. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Daisuke Niwa is a clumsy, block-headed, and wimpy middle school student who has few redeeming qualities. On his 14th birthday, he finally decides to confess his love to his longtime crush Risa Harada, but is rejected. In an unexpected turn of events, however, Daisuke finds himself transforming into Dark Mousy, the infamous phantom thief, whenever his mind is set on Risa. Though Daisuke is unaware of this strange heritage, his mother is certainly not: since before the boy was born, his mother had been planning for him to steal valuable works of art and let the name of the elusive art thief be known.With doubt and confusion constantly clouding his mind, Daisuke finds himself struggling in his relationships with classmates and family. And it is not long before Daisuke realizes that he is not the only one with a fated family legacy—his greatest adversary could be the one classmate he is most unwilling to fight. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Akira Fudou leads the life of a typical high school student. After a chance encounter with school bullies, he is rescued by his childhood friend Ryou Asuka. Ryou and Akira catch up over the course of an afternoon that ends with them crashing a party at a nightclub. Initially uncomfortable with the environment, Akira is shocked when violence provokes some of the club's partygoers to transform into demonic monsters. He and Ryou are only saved from the encounter thanks to the intervention of a great demon known as Amon. Amon possesses Akira, and the two together form the powerful Devilman⁠—a being that, due to the influence of Akira's strong empathy for his fellow man, is resolved to keep the human race safe from the threats of demonkind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita finds a fossilized dinosaur egg by accident, and with the help of Doraemon's tools, they hatched the egg and began raising the dinosaur. Knowing that they can't keep the dinosaur forever, Nobita was forced to send it back to prehistoric times where a group of hunters from the future threatens to endanger the dinosaurs. Determined to save the dinosaurs from the claws of the hunters, Doraemon and the gang returns to the past and sets out in a prehistoric adventure. (Source: ANN)Nobita wants to run away from home, again. He finds out that there is nowhere for him to go. All the land is owned by someone. His friends end up wanting to run away also, even Doraemon. They figure out that the only way to find land that isn't owned by anyone is to go back in time to when no humans existed. They end up helping a prehistoric boy rescue his tribe from Gigazombie.During class, Nobita questions the teacher where heaven is located when he was being taught about clouds. Being laughed at, Nobita looks for proof that a heavenly place exists on the clouds, but was explained by Doraemon that it cannot exist scientifically. Disappointed, he was eventually helped by Doraemon to create their own kingdom of clouds. Little did they know that there are creatures who have been living on clouds for a long time. (Source: ANN) Based on the Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma☆Illya 2wei! manga by Hiroshi Hiroyama, which is a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon.Kitarou, a ghost, spends his afterlife helping humans in need of his skills. He thwarts the plans of evil spirits who live to torment humanity. This time, Kitarou's friend Megumi is in need of his help. Her father, a botanist, went to Baruru Island to study the plant life there, and was subsequently kidnapped by evil spirits. It's up to Kitarou to save him.(Source: Animenfo)Containing shorts that couldn't be included in the original, Genius Party Beyond weaves stories that are both deep and insightful: the idea all life is relative in size, the consequences of an oppressive government, and how to deal with your darker desires, among others.From the directors and artists of works such as Samurai Champloo, Neon Genesis Evangelion, and Akira, come a multitude of thought-provoking tales, to create a collection equalling the original in storytelling genius.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gintarou is a fox spirit that has been protecting the small Inari temple since the Edo era. Saeki Makoto's family possesses the power to see the gods' agent, but the ability is limited to one living relative at a time. When Makoto's mother passed away while she was still young, Makoto inherited the ability as the sole remaining family member. With the help of fox spirit's power, Makoto and Gintarou help the people of their community, in spite of their many differences.(Source: MangaHelpers, edited)Defense attorney Ryuuichi Naruhodou is still hard at work defending the falsely accused with his knack for last-minute turnabouts. With his trusty assistant and medium-in-training Mayoi Ayasato in tow, Ryuuichi's fame as a champion for the innocent steadily grows. But this newfound success attracts the attention of the coffee-loving, masked Godot⁠—a mysterious rookie prosecutor who bears an inexplicable grudge against Ryuuichi.With the help of their allies, Ryuuichi and Mayoi take this new challenger head-on and search for the reason behind his appearance. But before long, the first two cases from the career of Mayoi's late sister Chihiro Ayasato become critical to solving a fantastical murder mystery, continuing the bloody saga of the tumultuous Ayasato clan. Will Ryuuichi once again be able to overcome the odds and find the truths hidden within the web of lies?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After discovering that his orphanage was on the brink of closing due to financial stress, Finn, who was living freely on the streets, set out for a casino with the aim of making a fortune. However, nothing could have prepared Finn for the nightmare that was awaiting him. Once there, Finn encountered a car chase and bloody shootout caused by a man's "lucky" card.Finn will eventually learn what the shootout was about. The world order can be controlled by a set of 52 X-Playing cards with the power to bestow different superhuman powers and abilities to the ones that possess them. With these cards, people can access the hidden power of the "buddy" that can be found within themselves.There is a secret group of players called High Card, who have been directly ordered by the king of Fourland to collect the cards that have been scattered throughout the kingdom while moonlighting as employees of the luxury carmaker Pinochle. Scouted to become the group's fifth member, Finn soon joins the players on a dangerous mission to find these cards."All you need in life are manners, dignity, and the will to bet on your own life."However, Who's Who, the rival car maker obsessed with defeating Pinochle, and the Klondikes, the infamous Mafia family, stand in the way of the gang. A frenzied battle amongst these card-obsessed players, fueled by justice, desire, and revenge, is about to begin!Are you ready? It's Showdown!!(Source: TMS Entertainment)It mainly tells the story of Gu Fei, a super warrior but a physical education teacher in school. He started playing online games on the recommendation of his students, but he mistakenly chose the profession of mage, and finally became a melee violent mage, embarking on a new game path. (Source: Tencent, Google translated)What do an alien, former ninja, weak telepath, and boy pretending to be a girl have in common? They are all classmates at Kashihara Girls' Academy, and they hide their true identities from the world. Rikka, Chiyo, Sekine, and Tsubasa seem like the best of friends, but they each harbor a monumental secret that they cannot reveal, no matter what. In order to continue masquerading as normal middle school girls, each of them must invent creative ways to conceal their true selves. But that is easier said than done, as the four students end up entangled in numerous shenanigans along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Once a prize-winning violin prodigy, Hajime gave up on music after his father, professional violinist Ryuuji Aono, was involved in a scandal that led the media to harass his family. Now living alone with his mother and entering his final year of middle school, Hajime struggles to find a new career path. However, the sound of his classmate Ritsuko Akine playing the violin inspires Hajime to dream of a musical career once more.With the help of Ritsuko, Hajime prepares to take the entrance exam for the prestigious Umimaku High School. But if he wishes to join Umimaku's orchestra, Hajime must overcome his past trauma and open himself up to new musical horizons.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the islands of Cremona, a vigilante runs amok. Celebrated by some and hunted by others, the notorious "Killer B" takes justice into his own hands, armed with a sharp blade and superhuman abilities. Unable to apprehend this renegade, the Royal Investigation Service (RIS) calls upon the expertise of Keith Flick, a seasoned, yet eccentric detective who was relegated to the Archives Department following a personal loss. As crimes in Cremona begin to escalate, from stealthy executions of wrongdoers to sophisticated strikes on public figures, it soon becomes clear that there is more than one person responsible.With the help of his impulsive sidekick Lily Hoshina, and unexpected aid from the elusive Killer B himself, Keith begins to unravel plots involving secret organizations, domestic terrorism, and human experiments. When the involvement of the RIS extends beyond the scope of justice, the extent of the government's corruption—as well as the trustworthiness of close allies—are thrown into question. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Bai Lian Cheng Shen.Summary of the previous two seasons of Bakuman.Recap of the first 8 episodes of Bleach: Sennen Kessen-hen - Ketsubetsu-tan.Having escaped the many horrors of her village, Saya Kisaragi vows to hunt down the monster responsible and make him pay with his life. As she tears through flesh and bone for her vendetta, she encounters SIRRUT, a group of ingenious hackers, who enlist Saya to help them defeat a common enemy—someone she knows all too well.Unfortunately, the path she follows is paved with tragedy, as once again, Saya faces betrayal at the hands of those she has come to trust. With her back against the wall, the fearsome monster slayer must fight with all her strength and skill if she is to overcome this final mission and exact vengeance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The stage this time is a survival training course, taking place before the Provisional Hero License Exam arc. Class 1-A students are sent to hone their survival skills at a training course. Having yet to receive their provisional licenses, they're eager to cut loose and have a little fun.They quickly discover that the danger they face is no simulation! It's going to take their combined training, teamwork, and quick thinking if they're going to pass this assignment! (Source: Funimation)Boogiepop, a rumored shinigami, is said to lurk where they cannot be seen. Five years ago, a string of gruesome murders shocked the populace, and students attributed some of those killings to the aforementioned death god. When mysterious happenings once again affect the lives of those attending Hijiridani High School and Shinyo Academy, whispers of the enigmatic Boogiepop are resurrected. The stories being told may contain partial truths, or perhaps the world as humans know it is more dangerous than previously believed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Money is power, and without it, life is meaningless. In a country whose economy is in shambles, second-year economics university student Kimimaro Yoga understands this fact all too well, as he is surrounded by the relatively luxurious lives of his peers and struggling to make ends meet. However, his world is turned on its head when a stranger in a top hat arrives one late night at his door.Going by the name Masakaki, the visitor petitions Yoga to come to the Eastern Financial District, a place where money flows in abundance if one offers their "future" as collateral. Although reluctant, greed triumphs reason and Yoga accepts the offer, thus taking on the mantle of an Entre. But unbeknownst to him, the land of wealth he has entered is an alternate realm built in the likeness of his own, where Entres are forced to participate in weekly duels called Deals, with their collateral at stake. Pitted against his countrymen and fate, Yoga must quickly adapt in this new world if he hopes to protect his fortune and future—and discover just how much money is truly worth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A story set in the dream world, depicting the Kasukabe Defense Forces and the Nohara Family fighting against a nightmare trouble. One day the people in Kasukabe come to be able to have dreams they want in their sleep, after having a strange dream in which a giant fish swallows them. The people enjoy having their own distinctive dream in the dream world, but the world gradually changes into a nightmare world. Shinnosuke Nohara and Kasukabe Defense Forces members let Saki Nubatama, a girl who moves in Kasukabe, join the group, and they go into the dream world to explore the cause of the nightmare.(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)The series is about two boys named Tsukushi and Jin. Tsukushi is a boy with no special talent or traits while Jin is considered a soccer genius. On one stormy night, Jin meets Tsukushi, and they get dragged into the world of soccer.(Source: MAL News)Much to the horror of Meiko Mochizuki, her Digimon partner Meicoomon is forced to evolve into Meicrackmon and falls under an evil influence in the process. As Meicrackmon disappears to wreak havoc elsewhere, it seems that the Digital World itself starts to reject the presence of Meiko and the other Chosen Children. While evading various enemies who come after them, the group attempts to find their way back home.In the human world, a messenger from the mysterious entity Homeostasis visits both Meiko's father and Daigo Nishijima of the Incorporated Administrative Agency to discuss Meicoomon's origins. The messenger informs the two that Homeostasis plans to eliminate the digital monster. By doing so, they hope to prevent further Digimon from materializing in the human realm—regardless of the Chosen Children's feelings on the matter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With five new kids and an exciting new mission in the Digital World, Digimon Frontier brings back all the great action and adventure of the last three seasons. Takuya, Kouji, Izumi, Junpei. and Tomoki meet each other in a train that takes them to the Digital World where a war against evil is being fought. The Angel digimon, Cherubimon, one of The three angels sent to save the World from the power-hungry Lucemon, has turned to the dark side and the entire Digital World is in peril. To fight this great battle, the five CHOSEN ONES must find the Densetsu no Spirit (Legendary Spirit).Set in the future Kei and Yuri are Trouble Consultants for The 3WA. Code Named "Lovely Angels", but, they are known throughout the galaxy as The Dirty Pair. They always solve their case, but, not without causing collateral damage and mayhem.(Source: ANN)Haruka Nishikikoji is an overweight doctor that never seems to attract any girls. Fate finds a way as he lands a job as a doctor in an elementary school, wherein his workplace can be found on top of the schools' roof and the actual clinic looks like a medieval castle. Just when everything seems to go downhill, a surprise came one day, her first love Koizumi Miyuki, applies as her soon to be nurse.The Ayanoi High School features the Geijutsuka Art Design Class (GA) that focuses on the arts. Five close friends — the energetic "hime"-prankster Noda Miki; the level-headed, cynical Nozaki Namiko; the intelligent, observant, and kind Oomichi Miyabi; the lively and mischievous tomboy Tomokane; and the curious, innocent, glasses-wearing Yamaguchi Kisaragi — attend this class with great enthusiasm, learning about the many art techniques. Every day seems to pose a new and interesting challenge, be it struggling with the latest assignment or when dealing with the daily strangeness of school life.(Source: AniDB)After falling asleep while playing an online game, a man wakes up and finds himself transported to that game's world as his in-game character, Arc. He wastes no time adjusting to his new environment, but soon realizes that he is using the skeleton avatar he chose when creating his character, which forces him to hide his visage to avoid unwanted attention.Arc goes to the nearby castle town of Luvierte, hoping to become an adventurer and take on quests to earn money. With his overpowered abilities, Arc embarks on a fantastical journey—exploring diverse territories, looting various monsters, and helping people get out of sticky situations. However, his seemingly innocuous actions may soon involve him in a brewing large-scale conflict that will forever alter the fate of the realm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the limited edition of the 15th volume of the manga. He awakens in the dark forest of a mythical land with some type of leopard mask that he cannot remove. The only thing he remembers is his name—Guin—and that he is a warrior of unimaginable power. And when the two twins of Parros, innocent victims of a civil war arrive, Guin knows what he must do.But the journey to save the children means much more than just slaughtering a few hundred well-trained Mongoul soldiers. Victory means he must battle magical desert tribes, assemble forces that have fought each other for hundreds of hears, and divine a mysterious plan that he is central to.Prepare for a sweeping anime epic of mystery and magic! Of violent clashes and dark double-crosses. Ready yourself for the battle with Guin Saga.(Source: Sentai Filmworks, edited)An anti-war anime based on a book containing contemporary accounts of the fire-bombing of the city of Fukuoka on the evening of June 19, 1945.After battling dangerous creatures once existing only in legend,​ Princess Tamaki begins to deal with her uncertain future as the new Tamayori Princess.​ Once she claims her rightful place as the protector of the universe,​ high school will seem like a breeze - but whether she lives to accept that future is another matter altogether.​Her five guardians - handsome,​ powerful young men of great power and undeniable loyalty - have vowed to sacrifice everything to protect her.​ But are any of them able to deal with a traitor in their midst?​ And how can anyone deal with such important issues while still maintaining a high GPA?​(Source: Sentai Filmworks)The search for the remains of Emperor Gaz continues. Chaika still in search of knowing who she really is and what her purpose is. Similarly, the Red Chaika continues the search for the rest of Emperor Gaz's remains. The Gillette corporation continues the mission to catch every last Chaika. In their adventure they give a revealing account kept secret by the Emperor, which Chaika, Fredrica, Toru, and Akari decide to uncover.(Source: ANN, edited)True love never dies—even when it is between a human and a near-immortal youkai. Thankfully, fox spirit youkai have discovered a solution which allows a human to be reincarnated, and with the services of a Fox Spirit Matchmaker, eventually recall memories of their past life, so they can begin anew with their beloved youkai.Enter Bai Yuechu—a powerful human Taoist who desires freedom from the ruling Yi Qi Dao League—and Tushan Susu, a small and innocent fox spirit who dreams of becoming a renowned matchmaker, despite her reputation as a colossal screw-up. After Susu literally falls through the roof and into his life, Yuechu gets dragged into helping her bring together two separated lovers: prince Fan Yun Fei and his reincarnated lover, Li Xueyang. However, not everyone wants them to be reunited, including Xueyang herself. Thrown together by fate, Yuechu and Susu will discover who they truly are... and who they used to be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Sakurada siblings live a normal life in a typical Japanese household. Well, that's what their father, the king, wants for them at least. As members of the royal family, each sibling possesses a unique ability, and over two thousand security cameras have been placed around town to make sure the children are safe and sound. Moreover, all nine of them have been designated as a potential successor to the throne with the decision that the next ruler will be selected through an election.However, for the timid Akane Sakurada, the third eldest daughter who wields the power to manipulate gravity, all of this attention is a complete nightmare. With all the cameras constantly monitoring the candidates and even broadcasting their actions on the Sakurada-dedicated news channel, she decides that if she becomes king, the cameras have got to go. But just how will she convince the public that she is the most suited to rule if she can't even overcome her own shyness?! Election season is in full swing as the search for the next king begins in Joukamachi no Dandelion.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series based off of the Shin Megami Tensei: Devil Children franchise. Shelter. Employment. Companionship. Rumiko Takahashi explores the stress that can befall people when these basic necessities become endangered. From penguins to wedding chapels and to amnesiac husbands, each episode explores supposedly normal people under extreme situations with all of the dramatic skill and warped comedy that you expect from the world-famous creator of InuYasha, Ranma 1/2, Urusei Yatsura!(Source: Geneon)From crashing his bike to falling in lakes, Seina Yamada just cannot shake the bad luck that follows him. But his fortune begins to change when he is forcibly recruited into the Galaxy Police and ends up capturing the most pirates in the force. Now, Seina is no longer just the unfortunate boy from Earth; he is a man that pirates have come to fear. Despite his reputation, Seina is still the same clumsy guy, but at least he has Amane Kaunaq, a former model, and Kiriko Masaki, his long time friend, to keep him together. With their help, Seina sets out on an adventure in the hopes of becoming a great Galaxy Police Officer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the beginning, God created the heavens and the earth. He also sought after a wide variety of animals to populate the planet. However, he felt that it was too tiresome to think of new ideas within his criteria. To address this problem, God appointed an organization—the Heaven's Design Team—to do the work instead!Shimoda is a newly-hired angel who serves as the mediator between God and the design team. As he steps into his role, he witnesses his coworkers conceive interesting ideas for many unique life forms according to God's desires. From giraffes and snakes to birds, anteaters, and everything in between, the possibilities for different animal species are endless![Written by MAL Rewrite]On what would typically be another ordinary day, Lala Satalin Deviluke takes one of her recent inventions—a robotic cat with cloning powers—to school for a chance to show it to Rito Yuuki. Upon accidentally touching the gadget, Rito begins repeatedly duplicating himself, and the school is soon entirely overrun by a horde of his clones.The only way to deactivate the cat is to hold its tail; however, its agility makes this a challenge. Will Rito's army of himself be able to catch it, or will the Earth be flooded by an unstoppable wave of duplicates?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Vandread, men are from Mars and women are from Venus! Well, not quite. Technology has allowed mankind to colonize the entire Milky Way galaxy, and in one star system, the men and women live on two different planets, Taraak and Mejere. A bitter and very literal gender war rages, to the point where they don't even see each other as the sames species anymore!Hibiki Tokai, a male third-class laborer from Taraak, ends up stuck on a battleship after a botched attempt at stealing a robot. When female pirates capture the Taraakian Vanguard, things don't look like they could get any worse for Hibiki. Unfortunately, they do; when the male crew of the Vanguard fire on their captured vessel out of desperation, they created a giant wormhole, which sucks the Vanguard and the Mejeran pirate's ships into itself! Now, stuck far away from their home planets, these men and women must learn to work together if they ever wish to make it back home.In the twilight of the human age, mankind continues to persevere, resisting the lull of nature's reclamation. For Alpha Hatsuseno and her café, things have not changed. The familiar sights and scenery instill a comforting solace—a sentiment cherished by Alpha. One day, however, a radio weather report forecasts an approaching typhoon that threatens to undermine the enduring peace.After taking refuge at Ojisan's gas station and returning to the café, Alpha is devastated to see that her beloved shop had been ravaged by the storm. Determined to restore it back to its former glory, she resolves to find other jobs as a way to fund the repairs. The journey into the unknown is an opportunity to explore what remains of civilization, and Alpha seizes this chance to expand her view of the outside world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fuuta-kun has never owned a cat before, but his younger sister, Pii-chan, moves into his house with the round gray cat Kyuruga. Inexperienced with cats, Fuuta-kun has no idea what to expect, and each night after he returns home is marked by odd and endearing surprises from his new pet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hirono Kenta is your average geeky junior high school student. His childhood obsession has always been Tokusatsu and anime. In fact, he fancies himself as a "Hero of Justice" and often is seen running around in a makeshift costume of his own design called "Wing Man." Most of his fellow classmates thinks he's just a crazy otaku, but his childhood friend Ogawa Miku thinks he's a noble spirit.One day as Hirono is walking to school, a beautiful and voluptuous girlliterally drops out of the sky and into his life. Hirono, bewildered by the event, none-the-less takes the girl to his home to recuperate (this is his duty as a "Hero of Justice"). He also keeps the "Dream Note" so that he can transpose his favorite "Wing Man" costume designs into it.Later, Hirono is confronted by the girl who reveals herself to be Yume Aoi, Princess of the Dreamscape called Botoreem. Her domain has been conquered by the power mad despot, Rimeru and his armies of monstrous "Seed Men." She barely escaped her domain with the power artifact known as the "Dream Note." The "Dream Note" enables its possessor to create anything they desire by merely drawing or writing information within its pages. Rimeru seeks to steal it to become Master of the Universe. She demands that Hirono give her back the book, but Hirono had already begun drawing into the book (mystically linking himself to it).Hirono soon discovers that his designs and notes on Wing Man become reality and he in turn becomes his own creation. Using these powers and abilities, he and Aoi begin their strange and amazing adventure. Along the way, Hirono inadvertently involves all of his friends, especially Miku in his quest to help Aoi free her people and save her father.Rimeru sends his various minions to Earth's dimension to retrieve the book. One his henchmen is the noble yet devious Kitakura who goes as far as infiltrating Hirono's junior high school masquerading as a teacher.(Source: AniDB)Nouvelle Tokio City locates on the place where it used to be Tokyo Bay. At the first glance, the prosperous city seems to enjoy its freedom and peace, but the city is suffering from the crimes.Senpuuji Maito is a perfect 15-year-old boy, bright, handsome, smart, and all-around sportsman. Furthermore, he is the leader of Senpuuji Trading group, and a multimillionaire. He spends his private fortune to found "Brave Express Squad"? which consists of several robots. They are the robots that have various special abilities. Above all, the leader, Gaine, has a super artificial intelligence and has own personality. They can transform into trains. In case of incidents, they will appear anywhere in the world using the highly developed railway system.The second season of Kagejitsu!.Narumi Katou is a middle-aged man who suffers from the bizarre ZONAPHA Syndrome: a rare and inexplicable disease that causes its victims to endure severe seizures at random, with the only cure being to watch someone laugh. One day, during Narumi's part time job, a young boy with a giant suitcase fleeing from three adults runs into him. The boy introduces himself as Masaru Saiga, the new owner of the famous Saiga Enterprises following his father's recent death. However, other members of his family are trying to assassinate him and claim the fortune for themselves.Determined to save the child, Narumi helps Masaru escape and ends up fighting the pursuers, only to discover that they are sentient humanoid puppets with superhuman strength. As Narumi is about to lose, a white-haired girl suddenly joins the fray and swiftly summons yet another puppet from the boy's suitcase, claiming herself to be Shirogane, Masaru's guardian.Karakuri Circus follows three people from different backgrounds whose fates intertwine and diverge as they unravel the mysteries of an ancient tale of love and betrayal, and the long, ancient battle between humans and puppets.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kazuma Yagami is a user of "Fuujutsu," the ability to control the wind. He returns to his old home, the noble Kannagi household, after being banished four years ago for his inability to control fire and his subsequent defeat in a duel at the hands of his younger cousin, Ayano Kannagi.Returning after such a brutal exile already gives rise to many conflicts, but to make matters worse, several Kannagi family members have recently been murdered with Fuujutsu. This leads the Kannagi family, including the hot-headed Ayano, to suspect Kazuma as the culprit. Now, Kazuma must not only clear his name, but also aid the family he shares a mutual hatred with, in order to discover the true identity of the killer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mars is now almost entirely covered in water. Humanity exists in large city-ships that float through the open seas. But life is hard for those who live on Mars—the economy is in bad shape, work is scarce, and food is expensive and highly prized. Gram and his friends try to do the best they can, but the work keeps drying up. Some have taken to a life of piracy to combat the corruption in the government; one such group is the pirates of the feared Ship of Aurora. And the Earth government, which rules Mars, has dispatched a new team of military pilots to combat them. In their specialized mecha called Round Bucklers, they must make the seas of Mars safe for humanity. Caught in the wrong place at the wrong time, Gram finds himself on the run with the most notorious pirates on Mars. But here's the thing—he's starting to like them!(Source: Bandai Entertainment)Kurogane Yaiba is a boy who doesn't want to become what any regular kid would: A samurai. That's why he undergoes a hard training with his father, knowing only the forest as his world. Then, one day, he is sent to Japan, where he has to deal with a whole new civilized reality, meeting the Mine family, the evil Onimaru and even the legendary Musashi, having lots of dangerous adventures, becoming stronger everyday.(Source: ANN, edited) As the sole survivor from a squad that was sacrificed and hung out as scapegoats for embezzlement of military resources at the end of the 100 years war, Mellowlink Arity is out for revenge.Carrying the dogtags of his deceased comrades and armed with a dated AT rifle, he swears to hunt down and exact revenge on the corrupt officers that betrayed his squad, and maybe even uncover the truth behind the plot as well.Hutch is a small honeybee who got separated from his mom when his home was destroyed by invading wasps, and he now desperately wants to find her back. It's the beginning of an adventure that will make him meet all kinds of friendly insects who try to help him out, but unfortunately for most of them, they will not survive the end of the episode... (Source: AniDB)Since childhood, Haruka Kotoura's classmates have seen her as a creepy and monstrous person. This is due to her ability to read other people's minds—the same ability that drove her parents away, leaving her alone with her grandfather. As a result, she has grown accustomed to the bitter treatment by the people around her, becoming completely cold and unsociable to others.However, everything starts to change when Haruka transfers to a new school. While most are off put by her as usual, she meets Yoshihisa Manabe, who finds her power astonishing. Yoshihisa then proceeds to befriend Haruka, promising to never leave her no matter what happens.Haruka's new experiences of social belonging thus begin, meeting new friends and learning to open herself along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hiroshi Shiba is an outstanding car racer whose father is assassinated upon the discovery of the Bronze Bell from an ancient civilization. This Bronze Bell is coveted by Queen Himika who comes from that ancient era; the Yamatai Kingdom, and whose ambitions are to seize the Bell and dominate earth. Hiroshi is left with a few items from his father which would enable him to morph into a full sized mecha warrior, the Steel Jeeg. With these abilities and the help of his father's brain implanted in a computer and his assistance Miwa "Micchi" Uzuki, they set out to neutralize Himika's plans of world dominion.Tsubaki hails from an all-female clan of ninjas hidden deep in the forest. While a strict code guides the many kunoichi in training, the most important rule the young women must adhere to is: never interact with men, for they are far too dangerous to be trusted.As the leader of Team Dog, Tsubaki has many duties she must handle. However, despite being a skilled trainee, she begins to react strangely whenever the topic of men surfaces. Unaware of what mysterious feelings are taking over her heart, Tsubaki's growing curiosity soon interferes with her ability to keep up with her work.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gulliver, a boy born with the ability to use magic was forced against his will to attend a magician school to improve his abilities to protect his city. He manages to escape just to find out that his home town was destroyed by the evil Judau's army. Judau personally kills his father and oaths to kill Gulliver as well. Meanwhile Gulliver and his friend Eddison rescue a girl named Misty who is running away from Judau. Along with a fairy named Phoebe, a lone wolf ninja named Gecko and an ancient ship; Gulliver and his friends set out on an adventure to defeat Judau and to discover the secrets of Atlantis.(Source: ANN)Love Hina Final Selection, tells the story of Love Hina. Then gives Keitaro's final selection of girl, for those unfamiliar with Love Hina, Keitaro is the main character, surrounded by girls in an all girl dorm, he is 20 unlucky and eventually becomes a cool, respected hero to the girls, they all end up having a crush on him and he must choose, this OVA features his decision.Lupin & co. compete with a greedy bank president and her goons to solve the mystery leading to a broach, a treasure said to be behind the success of history's most powerful rulers. (Source: ANN)Specials released with the Blu-ray/DVD volumes.The story begins when a middle school girl named Yume sees something fall from the sky, and meets a pale violet-colored kitten named Mew. It turns out that Mew has the power of "Yume Synchro" (Dream Synchro), the power to enter dreams. In the dream world, the girl and Mew collect Dream Stones. (Source: ANN)Lucy's family moves from England to Australia planning to run a big farm. Starting a new life proves to be full of frustrations. Their agonizing days of despair continue until they finally obtain their farmland. However, Lucy and her sisters enjoy a range of new experiences such as discovering exotic animals and meeting with aborigines and other new people.(Source: AnimeNfo)The story takes place in a time when the world is in the pits of despair after being ravaged by a poison called "shinobi" that came to earth via an asteroid. The people run away to the place called "Kairiku," a place that used to be the bottom of the ocean. Here, the people try and protect themselves against the effects of the poison. In such a world, there was a single light of hope. The "Holy Weapon Giga Road" and the legendary warrior "Yagyuu" are needed in order to counter the effects of the poison. In order to save the world, Ame, a princess of a fallen nation, stands up in order to save the world.(Source: ANN)Kamui is a ninja from the Edo period who has decided to leave his clan. After doing so he is pursued relentlessly by the members of his former clan; who consider him to be a traitor and therefore wish to kill him. Kamui then wanders around Japan to escape from them by using his intelligence and great abilities to survive. In the course of the series Kamui begins to suffer from paranoia because of his status as a persecuted man. Kamui then started to believe that everybody wished to murder him and became distrusting of everyone he came across.(Source: Wikipedia)A skilled, deadly ninja on the clock and an adorable, naïve girl off it, Chidori continues to pave the way forward for her master, Nobunaga Oda, in his conquest of the Land of the Rising Sun.Though Nobunaga has made great progress in his quest, uniting a nation has not become any easier. Between vindictive former enemies and powerful new rivals, his stubborn adversaries have taken up arms to stamp out the warlord's ambitions. However, standing beside the ambitious general are his many close friends and supporters, including one loyal, capable shinobi. Ready to serve in whatever way she can, Chidori gathers key allies, infiltrates enemy castles, and duels against skilled warriors in the name of realizing her lord's dream: establishing a unified Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tomboy Ryouko Ookami is a fierce boxer and the assigned bruiser of her club. Of course, no normal high school club needs a bruiser, but the Otogi Bank operates more akin to an actual bank. Here, the students can ask for favors from the club as long as they promise to return the favor in the future. Sixteen-year-old Ryoushi Morino is a shy boy, a far cry from the Otogi Bank members. To his biggest surprise, after unsuccessfully confessing to Ryouko, he inadvertently finds himself joining the club! Ookami-san to Shichinin no Nakama-tachi follows the everyday lives of the Otogi Bank members as they tackle favors that range from the mundane to the dangerous. However, since Ryoushi's sole motivation is to win Ryouko over, she doubts he will be able to have her back in a fight, especially when he can't even stand having people look at him—much less fight anyone![Written by MAL Rewrite]As they continue their journey through the Johto region, Satoshi and his friends visit Altomare, an island city that hosts an annual racing event called the Pokémon Water Race. While Takeshi and Kasumi are enjoying themselves, strange things seem to be happening to Satoshi—he somehow loses the water race, sees some women attack a girl with their Pokémon, and despite them saving her, the girl later denies ever seeing Satoshi and Pikachu before!Fortunately for Satoshi, his confusion clears up as he learns that the girl he and Pikachu saved earlier was actually a Pokémon named Latias, who likes to disguise herself as her human friend, Kanon. Latias and another Pokémon, Latios, are known as the Eon Pokémon, as they inhabit and guard Altomare along with a mystical blue sphere called the Soul Dew. An ancient legend of Altomare is highly connected to the Eon Pokémon and the Soul Dew, and is well known among the locals—as well as among Latias' earlier assailants, the thief sisters Zanner and Lyon. As the thieves attempt to capture both the Eon Pokémon and the Soul Dew, Satoshi is forced to act in order to stop them from bringing disaster to Altomare.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Black Cat Cafe is located in the fifth ward of the Imperial Capital. Having lost their purpose after the war ended a few years prior, advanced mechanical dolls known as Automata have been restored and now work at the cafe wearing elegant kimonos. While they adjust to the peaceful world, events of the past continue to haunt the Automata, preventing them from letting go of the responsibility they once held.Among the Automata working at Black Cat Cafe is the recently restored Haizakura, who has lost her memories during a reset. Her identity and role in this unfamiliar world are a mystery to her, but one thing is certain—she loves to sing. With never-ending curiosity and beautiful songs to guide them, Haizakura and the Automata search for their new purpose together, supporting each other no matter how rigorous that endeavor might be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second Season of Rilu Rilu Fairilu: Yousei no Door.A compilation of the Seikai no Senki Tokubetsuhens series with additional footage.Ta-chan is the king of jungle. He was abandoned in savanna, and has been raised by a chimpanzee, Etekichi. He has a dearest wife, Jane who used to be a top model in New York, but now she looks... Anyway, to protect animals from poachers, Ta-chan is fighting against them with his disciple, Pedro, and a master of Chinese martial arts, Ryo.This anime is based on the manga with the same title; it begins as a comical parody of Tarzan. The first several episodes are comedies, but the rest of the series consists of (rather) serious episodes.(Source: AnimeNfo)At first glance, Ramune may not seem like a professional doctor—he is crass, rude, and often acts halfheartedly. But his true brilliance shines through once his patients pay him a visit: he is able to diagnose and treat all sorts of strange, mysterious diseases that come his way. From a young student whose fingers have turned into chili peppers to a child whose tears are made of condiments, Ramune is able to tap into a kind of innate, otherworldly sensibility that enables him to decipher the roots of their source. But finding the proper cure for these illnesses comes at a valuable price, and money certainly cannot be used to pay it. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the 5th volume of the Kekkai Sensen: Back 2 Back manga. High school student Sakura Mamiya and impoverished death god Rinne Rokudou continue to confront the supernatural. Pulled into the problems of their quirky acquaintances, the pair again find themselves immersed in trouble.Ageha's black cat Oboro seeks revenge for alleged mistreatment and demands Ageha to nullify their contract. When she refuses to do so, a bitter quarrel breaks out between them. Meanwhile, the scheming Damashigami Company shows no sign of halting its wrongdoings, and the bat-like demon Masato continues to commit devious acts to pursue his long-awaited revenge on Rinne.For Sakura and Rinne, these paranormal complications never seem to end. As their saga continues to unfold, they must cope with these unusual circumstances as they appear, all while facing problems of their own.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lupin, Goemon, and Jigen take a mini-helicopter and head to the mysterious “Drifting Island” looking for a treasure rumored to be hidden somewhere on it. Through their exploration of the island, the trio encounters the lethal “Nanomachine,” the island’s security system. The trio triggers the alarm, springing “the Nanomachine” to life. The key to solving the island’s mystery lies in the small nation of Zufu. This once prosperous nation is now ruled by the ruthless, knife-collecting, General Headhunter. Fujiko does her usual probing and hacks into General Headhunter’s computer hoping to find some crucial information. Zenigata has received a video message from Lupin in which Lupin announces his desire for the priceless treasure. Oleander, a fiery blond officer with some hidden secrets of her own, steps in to help Zenigata. Armed with their newly found information, Lupin, Goemon, Jigen, and Fujiko go back to “Drifting Island,” but this time they are followed by General Headhunter.(Source: ANN)Bonus mini anime included in the first Made in Abyss: Retsujitsu no Ougonkyou Blu-ray/DVD BOX volume.Mahoro Andou is a powerful combat android designed by Vesper, a secret organization protecting the world against alien invaders. Unfortunately, her remaining operational time is running short. If she continues to fight, she will shut down in about one month. However, if she chooses to avoid combat, she can live freely for over a year.Suguru Misato is a high school boy who lives alone in a large house left behind by his late parents. Like any other boy his age, he has trouble taking care of the house on his own, so he decides to enlist the help of a maid. His problem is solved in the most unexpected way: when a couple of thugs hijack the bus he is riding, a young, beautiful girl wearing a maid outfit saves the day. It turns out that this girl is Mahoro, who has chosen to live her remaining days as Suguru's new maid.Mahoro makes the best of her remaining time and develops bonds with Suguru and his friends during their peaceful yet lively everyday interactions. However, Mahoro is hiding her true intentions behind becoming Suguru's maid, and it seems that their pasts are more intertwined than Suguru realizes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Far in the future, where interstellar travel is considered commonplace, high school student Marika Katou balances her duties in the space yacht club and her job as a restaurant waitress. Following a chance encounter with a peculiar pair of customers, Marika meets them again and learns that her absent father has passed away.During his life, he was known as the legendary pirate "Gonzaemon." He has left behind his infamous ship Bentenmaru and its crew exclusively for Marika to inherit. With one of the few remaining Letters of Marque that permit legal piracy, Marika must choose whether to stay as a regular student or take up a second life as a high-octane space pirate.As Marika ponders her decision, the delicate situation attracts the eyes of various government agencies and the mysterious transfer student Chiaki Kurihara, all eager to see if the upcoming captain lives up to her father's reputation. If the crew of the Bentenmaru want to maintain their status, they will need to set sail into the vast expanse of space and once again become a name to be feared.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Very loosely based upon the Moomin books by Finnish author Tove Jansson. Jansson, however, never really approved of the series due to dramatic changes in plot, atmosphere, character personality, appearance and names etc. The series was directed to adults rather than children.(Source: Wikipedia)A mother goat rescues her kids from the belly of a wolf, but her eldest son Toruku is missing. One day Toruku shows up home and has to confront his own fears as well as the disfigured bodies of his brothers and sisters. As the wolf once again approaches, secrets of Toruku's absence come to light as the flock fights for survival.(Source: asianmoviepulse)The St. Freya squad returns with a bubbling hot pot! Let Valkyries introduce you to a very special Spring Festival~ (Source: YouTube)A prologue to One Piece: Film Z released exclusively on smartphones through the broadcasting service NOTTV.Unaired TV episode bundled with the light novel's volume eight.According to the theories of oneiromancy, dreams of dragons represent the struggle of losing yourself to your own anger. Fittingly, Souya Kuroi wakes up from a nightmare of a massive dragon destroying everything around him in a blaze of rainbow colored light. After being told that he lost his parents and memory in a strange accident, the waking world becomes another nightmare in itself. With this dream being his only memory, he has no choice but to be taken care of by his two strange guardians: the spunky and energetic maid Ginko, and a huge cat known only as "Sensei."His new life is turned upside down when the denizens of Saromisaka City are beset by a teddy bear-shaped UFO. When military power proves to be ineffective, seven mysterious people rise up to fight off the monstrosity. These heroes destroy the invader in a flurry of rainbow colored lights, the very same lights that Souya saw in his nightmare.With the alien threat repelled, these seven strangers find themselves facing a new adversary: Souya. Swearing vengeance upon the people who decimated his old life, he begins his crusade against these "heroes" and becomes embroiled in a struggle of galactic proportions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A runaway vehicle driven by Izumi Yasaka, en route to the Public Safety Bureau building, is reported shortly before it crashes into the building. Izumi is a counselor who recently ran away while working at a latent criminal isolation and rehabilitation facility known as Sanctuary.Before Inspectors Mika Shimotsuki and Akane Tsunemori get to interrogate the suspect, a sudden request is issued from the facility to promptly bring Izumi back. Interpreted as a direct order from the Chief and the board at Sanctuary, the Inspectors obey, but insist that Izumi be escorted back personally. Tsunemori intends to investigate further with the rest of the team at the Bureau. Now Inspector Shimotsuki has finally been given the opportunity she had been waiting for—to be the primary investigator on an important case. This case follows Shimotsuki and her team of Enforcers as they uncover the secrets of Sanctuary.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Netto's father Yuuichirou Hikari has made a scientific breakthrough by introducing the "synchro chips". If an operator and his or her navi are in a special enviroment known as a "dimensional area", they can fuse together in the real world via a technique called "cross fusion"! Yuuichirou's first test subject, Misaki Gorou, attempts the process and sadly fails. Netto offers to try with Rockman, but his father forbids it. Cross Fusion puts enormous strain on the operator's health, and battling in the real world could mean death. (Source: Official Site)An apocalyptic event has ravaged Japan, leaving nothing but endless sandy plains behind, and a strange rusting disease terrorizes the remnants of civilization. According to the government, the horrific state of the new world is the result of mushroom spores being spread by the likes of Bisco Akaboshi, labeled the "Man-Eating Mushroom."But Bisco would beg to differ. In reality, he is a "Mushroom Protector," determined to uncover the legendary "Sabikui" mushroom—said to be the ultimate cure for the rusting disease. Joining him on his quest are his giant crab Akutagawa and the kind doctor Milo Nekoyanagi, who is actively searching for a rust poisoning treatment for his sick sister. Despite the prejudice aimed toward him by the common folk, Bisco refuses to give up on his quest to purify the rotting world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Anime adaptation of the Saiki Kusuo no Ψ-nan manga by Asou Shuichi, telling the story about a male high school student named Kusuo Saiki. He possesses supernatural powers that cause unfortunate events in his everyday life.(Source: ANN)Despite standing at the zenith as the strongest exorcist, Haruyoshi Kuga sought even greater power, which led to his demise at the hands of those who envied his might. As he draws his last breath, he casts a spell that allows him to reincarnate and swears to become more cunning, hoping that all his efforts will prove useful in his next life.Haruyoshi is soon reborn in another world as Seika Lamprogue, an illegitimate son of a noble family that prides itself on magic. However, his new family largely ignores him due to his lineage and magic deficiency. Nevertheless, the unbothered Seika leverages the knowledge from his previous life to make numerous valuable allies. As he begins to explore the true limits of his abilities, Seika must also be wary of the consequences that tarnished his past and avoid repeating the same mistakes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Maeda Toshiie and Matsu visit Chousokabe Motochika, who governs Shikoku. They tell Motochika unreasonable demands from Nobunaga. Motochika rejects them and urges Maeda to betray Nobunaga. Meanwhile Keiji tries to convince Mouri Motonari to join the fight against Nobunaga, and is imprisoned as a result. Motochika and Motonari move against each other.On the planet Zora exist two societies: the Innocent, an advanced culture that lives in domed cities, and the Civilians, who are forced to live in the harsh desert wilderness. As dictated by the Innocent, any Civilian that commits a crime is forgiven if they are not brought to justice within three days.Civilian Jiron Amos seeks revenge on the villainous outlaw Timp Sharon who murdered his parents, despite the fact the three-day period has long since passed. Hoping to get his revenge by stealing the mecha Xabungle from the merchant Carrying Cargo, Jiron teams up with a group of bandits known as the Sandrats and kidnaps Cargo's daughter Elchi, who ends up being sympathetic to his cause. Jiron's quest for revenge soon grows into a conflict much bigger—one that will eventually see the Civilians rise up against the Innocents' rule.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a chief operative of the villainous Kisaragi Corporation, Sentouin Roku-gou receives orders to help the organization conquer the entire known universe. Tasked with infiltrating the kingdom of Grace—a mission that could change the fate of the world—Roku-gou mistakenly believes that his skills as a combatant are superb, fuelling his arrogant attitude. To ensure the success of the mission, Alice Kisaragi, an exceptional android with a youthful appearance named after the company itself, is assigned to be Roku-gou's travel companion. Upon their arrival at the outskirts of the kingdom, Alice and Roku-gou encounter Snow, the commander of the country's royal guard. Snow leads the pair to a broken legendary artifact, and Roku-gou seizes the opportunity for a long-awaited promotion at his company and changes the recitation for the sacred ritual to an embarrassing phrase. As punishment, the princess of the kingdom forces Roku-gou to become an honorary knight, fulfilling part of his mission. Having infiltrated the kingdom's inner circle, Roku-gou must now help his new employer fight against the Demon Lord's Army, all while perpetuating evil deeds as a combatant of the Kisaragi Corporation. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuji and Shana's class go on a trip to see various temples and shrines, followed by a trip to a hot springs resort. During the trip, Matake Ogata tries to tell Eita Tanaka her feelings for him, but various complications and hijinks occur that prevent her from doing so. The film Deep Sea is another original animated feature film directed by Tian Xiaopeng after Monkey King: Hero Is Back and it’s also a 3D animation creation of exploration significance for October Media. Although antique stories are popular among Chinese animation works in recent years, Deep Sea will apply a different way, using unique oriental aesthetics to interpret a fantasy story with a modern background.The film Deep Sea builds a different brand new underwater world, and tells the story of a girl who encounters a unique life journey, seeking and searching in the mysterious underwater world.(Source: Official Site)The new order of ACCA will soon hold its first-anniversary celebration. To ensure every district is prepared for the festival, Jean Otus—acting as a representative for ACCA's inspection department—is called to travel across the Kingdom of Dowa and help with the arrangements. However, he feels that in times of peace, he cannot relate to his subordinate Parrot, who believes that another betrayal against Dowa is near certain.Meanwhile, work leaves Jean no time to dedicate to his little sister Lotta and the unexpected predicament she seems to be hiding from him. Their best friend, Niino, decides to involve himself and looks for a way to support Lotta. Although Jean believes that Dowa is in no immediate danger, he must ease Parrot's suspicions before the festival and wait for Lotta to open up to him on her own.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 1625, the young D'Artagnan leaves his village in Gascony to embark for Paris with his grandparents' blessings, taking only his father's sword and a letter of introduction. Seeking audience with Tréville, Captain of the Musketeers of the Guard and his late father's comrade, the poor nobleman aims to become a great hero in the service of King Louis XIII.The young adventurer is astonished by the massive size of Paris, but also overwhelmed. He wanders the city streets, befriending a young orphan named Jean. However, he also ends up offending three of the Musketeers of the Guard: Porthos, Aramis, and Athos. Confronted by the Parisian guards over their illegal dueling, D'Artagnan and the Musketeers fend off five of Cardinal Richelieu's soldiers, and the four of them quickly become friends.The four new comrades set off to stop the Cardinal from starting war between England and France, and protect the image of Queen Anne d'Autriche, the wife of Louis XIII. But what will be the cost of their efforts?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hotaru Tachibana has a strong sense of justice and just cannot help confronting those who choose to perform malicious acts. Furthermore, Hotaru is actually a girl who likes to disguise herself as a boy. After hearing rumors that her best friend was tricked by the popular host of a local club, Hotaru seeks to punish the evildoer. Upon arriving at the club, however, she is challenged to a so-called "survival game" by the host Masamune Matsuoka, where the first person hit by the bullet of a toy gun will lose.After a destructive fight which results in Hotaru's loss, Masamune forces the young "boy" to join his survival game team named Toy Gun Gun, in order to repay the cost of the damages that "he" has caused inside the club. Although she is initially unhappy with this turn of events, Hotaru quickly begins to enjoy what survival games have to offer and is determined to pay off her debt, much to the dismay of Tooru Yukimura, the other member of Toy Gun Gun. As time goes on, Hotaru begins to develop a close friendship with the rest of the team and hopes to take part in realizing their dream of winning the Top Combat Game (TCG), a tournament to decide the best survival game team in Japan.Although Hotaru tries her best, there are just two little problems: she is absolutely terrible at the game, and Toy Gun Gun doesn't allow female members on their team![Written by MAL Rewrite]After the capture, Hajime was worried about the farewell to Myuu that would occur when the trip resumed.Hajime and his friends were talking about "The Seven Great Legends of Erisen" as a memory before they left for the trip, but all of them were missed.However, in the final seventh adventure, he encounters a mysterious giant creature and is blown into the world of a devastated city!Hajime, who started to search for the stray Myuu, fulfills a miraculous encounter there. (Source: Official website)When Kodaka Hasegawa finds out that he will be transferring to a new school, he is determined to make a positive impression, and maybe even some friends. However, Kodaka discovers he is out of luck when he immediately gets labeled as a violent delinquent due to his blond hair and intimidating expression. Although a month has passed, Kodaka is still alone thanks to his notorious reputation. However, his life begins to change when he finds fellow loner Yozora Mikazuki talking to her imaginary friend in an empty classroom.After sharing stories of their lonely high school life, Kodaka and Yozora decide to overcome the difficulties of making friends together by starting the Neighbor's Club. Created for people who don't have friends, daily activities involve learning social skills and how to fit in, which will hopefully allow them to make friends. Joined by the eroge-loving Sena Kashiwazaki, and other eccentric outcasts, Kodaka may finally have managed to find people he can call friends, in this club filled with hilarious oddballs.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A donghua based on the novel of the same name written by Jiu Lu Fei Xiang. The story revolves around the relationship between Xiao Lanhua, a low-ranking flower fairy, and the powerful "Moon Supreme" Dongfang Qingcang. After being locked away for thousands of years, Xiao Lanhua mistakenly revives Dongfang Qingcang. The two of them become connected as a result, with the powerful and stoic Moon Supreme forced to experience everything she does, both physical and emotional.A few months have passed since the VF Circuit, and Aichi is now in High School. However Aichi is in a different high school than most of his friends, a high school where the instructors focus on looking towards the future. One day Aichi admits he thinks Cardfight can be a future people can believe in, but in order to prove it Aichi must use his new deck, a deck in which Royal Paladins and Gold Paladins are combined as one force. Slowly but surely Aichi must gain friends through Cardfighting and help his new team win the newly formed high school cardfighting championships.(Source: ANN)Mini series for the anime Tokyo Revengers released on anime's official YouTube channel. The specials are directed by Minoru Ashina and follow the day-to-day activities of the various characters.The four goddesses alongside their sisters—Nepgear, Uni, Rom, and Ram—meet at a famous mountain resort in Lastation Kingdom seeking that nostalgic "summer vacation" feeling. But their plan to sit back and relax in a hot spring is interrupted when the younger sisters are swept into a portal leading to a parallel universe! The seemingly unfortunate situation takes a comical turn when they are greeted by a familiar face.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Thirty years ago, the Eurasian continent was devastated by a supermassive "spatial quake"—a phenomenon involving space vibrations of unknown origin—resulting in the deaths of over 150 million people. Since then, these quakes have been plaguing the world intermittently, albeit on a lighter scale.Shidou Itsuka is a seemingly average high school student who lives with his younger sister, Kotori. When an imminent spatial quake threatens the safety of Tengu City, he rushes to save her, only to be caught in the resulting eruption. He discovers a mysterious girl at its source, who is revealed to be a "Spirit," an otherworldly entity whose appearance triggers a spatial quake. Soon after, he becomes embroiled in a skirmish between the girl and the Anti-Spirit Team, a ruthless strike force with the goal of annihilating Spirits.However, there is a third party that  believes in saving the spirits: "Ratatoskr," which surprisingly is commanded by Shidou's little sister!  Kotori forcibly recruits Shidou after the clash, presenting to him an alternative method of dealing with the danger posed by the Spirits—make them fall in love with him. Now, the fate of the world rests on his dating prowess, as he seeks out Spirits in order to charm them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita went to a world of animals through the "Wherever Gas", the substance to let you travel anywhere, same as the "Wherever Door" Doraemon uses. They came across with Chippo, a boy who looks like a dog and very adventurous. A group called Numiges plans on taking over the animal planet. Doraemon and friends plan to stop them with the animal's help.(Source: ANN)The King of the Flower Planet is dying, but his heir can't take up the throne until the legendary Seven Color Flower, symbol of the King's power, is found. The Angels, Cateau and Noveau are sent to Earth to find the Flower Girl, a young female who descends from both humans and Flower Angels (who once inhabited Earth a long time ago) - and they find Lunlun in France. They convince her to go in a long journey to find the Flower - she'll know the good and bad sides of humans and Flower Angels (incarnated in the ambitious Togenishia and her sidekick Boris), and will fall in love with Serge Flora, a man who holds a great secret.(Source: ANN)Adeu the Sonic, brash young pilot of the Ryu Knight Zephyr, is joined in his travels by Princess Paffy, Priest Izumi and Ninja Sarutobi. They encounter various people of the land, including other Ryus. On the way, Adeu seeks to test his Ryu against others and thereby grow in his abilities.(Source: ANN)In the city of Judoh, Claire Leonelli has inherited leadership of the Mafia group "Vampire" following the death of his father. To keep Claire's and other criminal activities in check, the city's Bureau of Urban Safety has Special Services Division operative Daisuke Aurora and the super android codenamed "J" (whose identity is apparently kept in secrecy, as androids are banned in the city). With both of them around, crime now has little room to breathe in Judoh.(Source: ANN)Youto Yokodera wants to be seen in a way different from most men: as a pervert. However, his lewd actions are often misinterpreted as good intentions, and people cannot see his true nature. Upon hearing rumors of a cat statue that can banish an unwanted trait, he searches for it and prays for his façade to be removed. But each wish comes at a price: those unwelcomed traits are transferred to someone else who desires them!After realizing that vocalizing his dirty thoughts is not the best thing, Youto decides to regain his lost traits by seeking out the person who received them. Unfortunately, he was not alone in praying to the cat statue, and now he must not only fix his life, but the lives of others as well.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials that come with the DVDs.Sasahara Natsuki is a poor bounty hunter in a world where monsters and humans live together. Most of her cases involve monsters infringing upon the rights of humans, who are protected by law from their generally more powerful neighbors. Being half-human and half cat-beast, Natsuki straddles the two societies and tries to understand and respect both while enforcing the law. She is assisted by a werewolf named Batanen who is afraid to admit he loves her; another werewolf named Tommy; and a Kyubi fox demon named Sakura who has her own plans--which include eating Natsuki to complete her her nine tails and thereby her magical powers. (Source: ANN)The story take place in new town called "Palm Town" which it is the new town that Patty and her Aunt Jane moved to since Jane's husband George run a medical center there. However, Patty faces some troubles because she doesn't get used to the new town and misses her hometown and also her friends. Nevertheless, she mets up with Alice and gets along with her. Soon they become best friends and are hanging out together everyday experience new things and enjoying their time. They meet a lot of different people in order to make many friends and unforgettable memories full of fun.The official website of Sora no Method (Celestial Method) announced a new episode for the anime series. The episode will feature a new character.(Source: MAL News)Released in 1985, this OVA tells a critical part of the story between the TV show's Uoodo and Kummen arcs. Although the TV series covered the Red Shoulders in some detail, we didn't get to see much of Chirico's time there or the people involved, and we get both of those here.(Source: mahq.net)The United States of America has been in chaos ever since the emergence of D2s, an invasive species originating from a black meteorite that fell to Earth. A public decree banned citizens from playing any melodies, to prevent further casualties caused by the D2s' hatred for music—even now, in 2047, this prohibition is still in effect. Humanity's only form of defense against the D2s are Musicarts, young women representing pieces of classical music; and Conductors, the ones controlling them.Takt Asahina, an aloof piano prodigy, finds himself transformed into a Conductor following a spontaneous D2 attack. The same incident kills Anna Schneider's younger sister, Cosette, and brings Takt into contact with his Musicart, Destiny. Searching for a means of stabilizing the pact between themselves, Takt and Destiny—alongside Anna—embark on a perilous journey to the Symphonica Headquarters in New York City.Takt is in a hurry to reach the city so that he can play the piano again, even though his passion attracts the creatures he has come to despise. Meanwhile, Destiny's sense of duty drags the group into trouble along the way. With a D2-infested path and many more arduous obstacles ahead of them, will the trio make it to New York City in one piece?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two worlds exist, both unaware of the existance of the other. In order for one world to flourish, the other will have to perish. On the perishing world, a Chosen one is sent on a journey to restore that world's mana by awakening the Spirits and becoming an angel. Colette Brunel, the Chosen of Sylvarant, sets out on her journey accompanied by her best friends Lloyd Irving and Genis Sage. As they travel further they meet more friends and even more enemies, while they learn more and more about the truth behind the World Regeneration. (Source: ANN) As the Holy Empire rises to power, the neighboring lands begin to gradually fall under its control. The Empire's conquest eventually reaches the small island of Erin, home to the Gael tribe. There, a priestess named Riannon is kidnapped to be offered as a living sacrifice to the demon king Arawn, a malevolent being rumored to have caused untold destruction in the past.Riannon's brother, First Warrior Arthur, rescues her, when Arawn suddenly materializes before them as a handsome grey-haired man. Hiding his true identity and remaining enigmatic, Arawn pledges his power and leadership to the tribe's cause and joins Arthur, Riannon, and their merry band of friends—including a talented swordsman, an agile hunter, and a group of ecstatic pixies—as they fight back against the Empire, while uncovering the dark secrets of the land along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Adaptation of the Bugs 2 arc of the manga.In order to uncover the "end of the sky," as spoken of in ancient mythology, Kal-el Albus is sent to Isla, an island in the sky. There he attends Cadoques High's Aerial Division, where he enjoys a carefree life with his schoolmates. That is...until a surprise attack by the air tribe drags Isla into a bloody war.(Source: NIS America)The anime's story will start where the third season left off, at the competition for who will open the Triple S international sporting event. Raging Entertainment's HE★VENS idol group had hijacked the competition between QUARTET NIGHT and ST☆RISH, causing chaos. However, after the QUARTET NIGHT members suggest a certain idea, the three groups aim toward a new stage, with HE★VENS swearing to get their revenge on the other two groups.(Source: ANN)Akira Yuki has spent years honing his Bajiquan skills under the guidance of his grandfather. He yearns to see the constellation of the eight stars of heaven, which are only revealed to those with real strength. This burning desire urges him to embark on travels, so as to learn more about how to see the stars.Meanwhile, a nefarious robotics scientist, Eva Durix, desires to create the perfect soldier. Eva's group, Judgment 6, tracks down and kidnaps Sarah Bryant, a college student and close acquaintance of Akira who is investigating a mysterious accident concerning her brother. Akira must now fight his way to Sarah to save her from the clutches of Judgement 6, a perilous path sure to be paved with countless challenges.Ten thousand years ago, the immortal king Muyun was conspired by others for holding the Zhu Xiantu. After ten thousand years of sleep, his remnant soul awakened on the famous "Trash Muyun" of the Southern Cloud Empire of the Heavenly Fate continent.(Source: LM ANIME)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.An OVA that takes place during the manga's middle school storyline.The new series will again focus on Corticarte, but it will tie into Ichiro Sakaki and Noboru Kannatsuki's Shinkyoku Sōkai Polyphonica crimson S light novel adaptation, which are set during the Academy years of the storyline. (Source: ANN)Kaede Komura is in love. After being seated next to the airheaded Ai Mie for the past three days, Komura cannot help but be attracted to his bespectacled classmate. Although he has yet to have a proper conversation with Mie, Komura dreams of the day when she will look his way.One day, Komura notices that his seatmate is not wearing her glasses, learning by questioning Mie that she forgot them and has a tendency of doing so. When he sees her struggle, a concerned Komura takes it upon himself to help his crush. As the boy offers his assistance to Mie day by day, her reasons for constantly losing her glasses slowly evolve from the answer she initially gave.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A newly created entertainment agency, 315 Production, specializes in scouting prospective idols who previously held other jobs. Whether they were a former lawyer, surgeon, or pilot, they had a place at the agency. As they grow to understand their new positions, they'll aim to achieve their dreams of becoming top idols!(Source: The Idolm@ster Wikia)Serious and generous, but a bit shy, Yuudai has been unsuccessful with the opposite gender. Chizuru is an energetic and cheerful girl, but when it comes to boyfriends, she's been unlucky and clumsy, and never had a steady relationship. This is the first Christmas the couple spends together. Chizuru loves animals and Yuudai plans to give her a rabbit in a box, but it turns out to be... a mini donkey?! As the funny creature escapes, Chizuru goes after it, and Yuudai loses sight of them both!The time that should have been spent together...The important feeling that should have been revealed...Small, but precious things that tend to be buried in every day life.What answer will the two youngsters find while separated from each other?Yuudai and Chizuru—their feelings and the time they spent far from each other are delicately unfolded in this double-sided pure love story told from two different perspectives! (Source: Production I.G)Tonkatsu chef by day, professional DJ by night—this is the aspiration of Agetarou Katsumata, whose family owns a small tonkatsu shop in Shibuya.One night, Agetarou delivers an order to a staff member at a nightclub and gets invited inside as a token of thanks. Although nervous at first, he soon finds himself absorbed by the atmosphere, falling in love with the dancing girls, flashing lights, and groovy music. Agetarou starts visiting the club regularly until a certain night leads him to a chance encounter with a legendary American DJ: Big Master Fly. Putting on a spectacular show, the DJ sparks an epiphany in Agetarou—the groove of mixing music appears to be strikingly similar to the rhythm of preparing tonkatsu. Thenceforth Agetarou sets his sights on becoming a master of both disciplines.With the help of his neighborhood friends and his mentor DJ Oily, Agetarou pursues his dream all the while dealing with familial problems, love issues, and many other kinds of trouble. Tonkatsu DJ Agetarou is a hilarious tale about an impulsive young boy trying to find his own path in life, while still fulfilling his familial and social responsibilities.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tsuyoshi Ikawa lives at home with his popular and beautiful sisters. Despite their qualities, his sisters and his mother are horrible at household chores, including cooking, so all these duties are taken over by Tsuyoshi while his father is away due to being temporarily transferred to another city for work.Third season of Wan Jie Xian Zong.Su Luo was kidnapped by her love rival Li Yaoyao and her master Fairy Yanxia, who forcefully used the Appearance-Alterning Spell to reveal her true face. In order to escape from their control, Su Luo destroyed Fairy Yanxia's cave and the spell, but she was also seriously injured and fell into the sea. Lifting the spell revealed her mysterious background. The one who rescued her from the sea was actually her lover who assassinated her on Earth—Yun Qi. Shocked, Yun Qi revealed that he knew Su Luo's life secret and could tell her about it.Did Su Luo choose a shortcut for the secret about her past and go with Yun Qi who betrayed her, or will she return to her life with Nangong Liuyun? (Source: iQIYI; translated and edited)In the far reaches of the dark and frozen universe, nine enormous dragon corpses were tied with an ancient bronze coffin. It seems that they were set there since the birth of the universe. Such an astonishing scene was captured by a space probe floating in outer space.Nine dragons and the mysterious bronze coffin made people wonder whether they came back to ancient times or just reached the other shore of the universe. A giant mythical world was unfolded, where immortality gradually appeared and paranormal events continuously occurred.Countless people started to find their own tracks (The Dao) in such a mythical realm. Their passion was like a turbulent ocean wave that would never cease. The heat in their blood was like erupting volcanoes. Their desire for power and immortality dragged them down to the chasm without knowing it.Thirty-three classmates held a reunion after graduating. Their friendship was tested, as the bronze coffin took them away from earth and arrived on another unknown planet. The desire for living forced them to follow the path of the ancient gods. Entering a new world of cultivation, will any of them reach immortality, or will they all die along the way?Sukuna Gojo is a boy who ran away from his wealthy home after becoming disgusted by his controlling parents. Since then, he's been surviving alone on the streets using an SNS app called JUNGLE, which grants its user unnatural power and abilities.(Source: TubiTV)In C.E. 73, tensions between Naturals and Coordinators continue to persist, eventually leading to another war between the Earth Alliance and PLANT. Sven Cal Bayan is a Natural pilot of the elite EA squad, the Phantom Pain, and carries out his squad's various anti-Coordinator missions without fail. Selene McGriff is a Coordinator researcher at the neutral Deep Space Survey and Development Organization (DSSD) and a developer of the GSX-401FW Stargazer space exploration mobile suit. Though their backgrounds are completely different, the expanding war will nevertheless force their paths to collide.(Source: ANN)Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex 2nd GIG. The shorts feature the antics of the Tachikoma think tanks of Section 9 and usually involve plot points. The average short time is a little over a minute.The stage of Kuroshitsuji II opens on the life of Alois Trancy, the young heir to the Trancy earldom. Though he is privileged now, such was not always the case for the hot-tempered boy. Kidnapped and forced into slavery at a young age, he was eventually rescued and returned home, only to have his beloved father pass away soon after.However, there are certain individuals who doubt Alois' story and legitimacy. And rightfully so, because things in the Trancy household are not as they appear, starting with Alois' black-clad butler with supernatural abilities, Claude Faustus. Who exactly is the mysterious Claude, and what connection does he have with Alois?Amid the web of lies and deceit running rampant in the mansion, the bond between Alois and Claude will be tested as hell itself arrives at their doorstep.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the city of Edoropolis, hundreds of mechanical animals live in harmony alongside each other. However, when Lord Wanko discovers that the shogun's chief advisor, Lord Korn, is plotting to take over the government, he knows that something must be done to preserve the peace. In order to thwart Korn's plans, Wanko forms the Nyankees—an elite ninja team led by the fearless Yattarou, who wields the mystic sword Masamasa. With all this power, the Nyankees seem unstoppable!But Korn's schemes are not the only thing the team has to worry about. Secretly based out of the popular Pizza Cats restaurant, the Nyankees must keep their operations hidden while delivering piping-hot plates of pizza and justice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As society rises from the ashes of war, cybernetically augmented arena fighters battle for fame and fortune... or die trying.It's the 19th century, and the world has entered the Era of Rebirth, recovering from the devastating flames of war. The sport of mechanical martial arts has galvanized the nations. Cybernetically augmented fighters turn their blood into steam and their bodies into brutal fighting—and killing—machines.Young Levius is one of those arena battlers, hell-bent on winning in order to simply survive. (Source: VIZ Media)Five years after the death of the Emperor of Marmo in the War of Heroes, Parn is now the Free Knight of Lodoss, he and his old allies now famous through the land. However, the Emperor's right-hand man, Ashram, seeks the scepter of domination to re-unify Lodoss under his former leader's banner. Meanwhile, beyond his attempts at conquest lies a more sinister force beginning to set the stage for the resurrection of the goddess of death and destruction...(Source: ANN)As the relationship between Mahoro, Suguru and his classmates develops further, another android girl enters their lives and becomes attached to Mahoro. All the while, the number of days before Mahoro is to shut down decreases steadily.(Source: ANN)Contemplating the meaning of happiness, Madoka Kaname and Homura Akemi compose possible answers that lead them to reflect on their own choices. Meanwhile, strange occurrences cause turmoil among the magical girls as they navigate the challenges of their destiny.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Maison Ikkoku tennants throw a party to celebrate the marriage of Yuusaku and Kyouko. However, during the party Yuusaku hears that Kyouko is waiting for a letter. He becomes jealous and begins to doubt Kyouko, worrying that she still loves someone else. When the morning arrives, the answer to his worries is revealed...(Source: AniDB)Gyagu Manga Biyori is hyperactive, random, and nonsensical, revolving around various plots and characters throughout the series. It makes absolutely no sense. The 1st episode is about stickers included in snacks(Source: ANN)Naruto school special.Naruto is a new cool student and when he meets Sasuke they start fighting.In england, in the mid-80s, three kids encouter the last genie of the sands, who can grant one, and only one wish per day. But the magic does not last, at the sunset, everything disappears. Each episode follows a typical day where the three kids are wishing for every kind of wacky stuff that usually ends in a mess at the end.(Source: ANN)For Kanade Amakusa, life as a high schooler should have been normal, and it would have been—if he wasn't living with the most ridiculous curse imaginable. "Absolute Choice," a system forced upon him by a self-proclaimed god, randomly presents a mental selection of actions that he must act out based on his choice. To add to his dilemma, it tends to occur in the most public of places, and his options never seem to deviate from the rude and crude in nature.As a result, the helpless boy stresses through each day, fumbling to repair his already tarnished reputation while desperately praying to avoid the next spontaneous episode of Absolute Choice. To his dismay, the one in charge is always one step ahead of him and proceeds to not-so-subtly "choice" him into the lives of several girls at his school. Just when Kanade's school life can't seem to be doomed any further, a decision that he reluctantly selects on the way home sends a beautiful girl crashing down from the sky, along with the promise of more hysterically hellish choices.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ichirou Kuga has suddenly found himself taking on the responsibility of caring for his two younger siblings after their father's untimely death. To make ends meet, Ichirou rents out rooms in the apartment complex he inherited and works full-time as a shoujo manga artist. However, his manga sales are low, his assistants have recently left, and deadlines are fast approaching.As stress threatens to overtake Ichirou, salvation comes in the form of an extremely competent novice artist, Shiori Goshiki, who becomes his new assistant. With her skills, they are able to tide over the difficult situation, and things begin looking up. But in a bizarre accident, a supernatural experience unfolds between Ichirou and Shirou, which leads her to declare them engaged.With this seemingly innocuous action upending his life, Ichirou now has to manage his new and peculiar relationship with the mysterious girl, all the while following his own passion and fulfilling the duties that rest on his shoulders.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Satoshi oversleeps on his 10th birthday, he ends up with a stubborn Pikachu instead of the first partner Pokémon he wanted! But after a rocky start, Satoshi and Pikachu become close friends and true partners—and when they catch a rare glimpse of the Legendary Pokémon Houou in flight, they make plans to seek it out together, guided by the Rainbow Wing it leaves behind.Trainers Makoto and Souji join Satoshi on his journey. Along the way, Satoshi catches an abandoned Hitokage, raises a Pokémon from Caterpie to Butterfree and then releases it to follow its heart, and meets the mysterious Mythical Pokémon Marshadow. When they near their goal, the arrogant Cross—Hitokage’s former Trainer—stands in their way! Can Satoshi and Pikachu defeat this powerful Trainer and reach Houou as they promised, or will their journey end here?(Source: Official site)Prince Pietro is the half-human, half-dragon prince of the kingdom of Popolocrois.  After the evil GamiGami tries (unsuccessfuly, as ever) to take over the Kingdom, a mysterious girl named Hyuu appears in the forest near Popolocrois Castle, which is the beginning of an adventure for Pietro, his witch friend Narcia, and all their friends.  Set following the events of the first Popolocrois game.Mirai and Rico come to the human world to play, but are separated when the witch Sorciere and her servant Torauuma suddenly appear. Their aim is to acquire the tears of the 44 Precure girls, using them for her "Most Evil Magic." Only the friendship of all 44 Precure girls will allow them to protect the world.(Source: ANN)Short videos are released each month on YouTube to celebrate the character's birthdays.The last words spoken to Honey Kisaragi by her father before his death at the hands of the mysterious organization Panther Claw have shaped her way of life. It is the sole reason she still continues to fight for the sake of others.The energetic Inspector Natsuko Aki does her absolute best to apprehend the members of Panther Claw and bring them to justice, but they are simply too much for the police to handle. The only one who can give these criminals a run for their money is the sexy warrior of love and justice, Cutie Honey—the secret alter ego of Kisaragi. Although Natsuko refuses to acknowledge vigilantes, her relationship with Honey progresses for the better as the strong-headed detective realizes the true intentions behind Honey's actions.Overtime, Honey grows more fearful of her burning desire for revenge; meanwhile, Natsuko wants to protect her friend, a sentiment that clashes with her ideals of upholding the law. If they ever hope to stand a chance against the menacing Panther Claw, the duo will have to put aside their differences and stand together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A variant of Robin Hood in which all the principal characters are teenagers.Several centuries ago in Nottingham County, a cruel and greedy baron by the name of Alwine ordered the destruction of the Huntingtons' castle—from the fire of which Robin and his cousins, Will, Winifred and Barbara, miraculously escaped. The youngsters sought shelter in Sherwood Forest, where, thanks to the wise guidance of the hermit better known as "Friar Tuck," they managed to face the difficulties of a life in the wilderness as as well as they could; however, in the forest there lived a fearless group of young bandits, led by Little John. Their first encounter with Robin and his cousins was at first rather stormy, as the two groups fought for the destiny of a young, noble maiden named Marian who had fallen into the hands of the bandits during an ambush.Their bitterness, however, rapidly lead the way to friendship, and Robin and John later realized they were all victims of the same fate. The youngsters thus mutually decided to help one another. Baron Alwine was not merely enemy of the Huntingtons—in fact, a couple years earlier he had forced Little John and his gang to seek protection in the forest to avoid forced labour. He would later seek Marian Lancaster for the secret carved on a cross the girl wore as symbol of her family line.The girl was to be adopted by the shady Bishop Herfort—Alwine's accomplice—who sought to attain the Lancaster's wealth. With all their strength, Robin and his friends were then compelled to fight against the baron's troops, led by Gilbert—a dangerous and fearless knight. When Winifred and Marian were then imprisoned in the castle's dungeons, our heroes tried in every way possible to enter until their ardour was finally rewarded with success. Thanks to his noble heart and heed for danger, Robin became rapidly known as the protector of the poor and oppressed. Beloved and highly esteemed not only by the villagers, but also and especially by the sweet and beautiful Marian he was. The boy who never parted from his loyal, magical bow, endlessly engaged in dangerous and unthinkable missions.A summary of the 114 episodes of the TV series Saint Seiya.Chise is an ordinary schoolgirl: small, frail, and not particularly intelligent. Her greatest joy is her budding romance with her classmate and childhood friend, Shuuji. They both live in a small military town in Hokkaido, where high schoolers have few concerns other than who is dating whom and complaining about the steep climb up "Hell Hill" every day before school.One day, Shuuji and his friends make a trip to Sapporo to buy gifts for their girlfriends. A massive air raid on Sapporo that day kills thousands, including one of Shuuji's friends, and signals the beginning of a war. Fleeing from the carnage, Shuuji spots Chise, though now she has steel wings and a massive gun where her right arm should be. Against her will, she has been transformed into the ultimate cyborg weapon, capable of leveling entire cities.As the war rages closer and closer to their hometown, Chise and Shuuji's relationship is strained by her transformation, and they are left to wonder whether she is even still human.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Takao Kasuga, a high school student fascinated by poetry, reveres Charles Baudelaire and even decorates his room with the poet's portrait. On a normal day, Takao forgets his copy of The Flowers of Evil in the classroom. When returning to retrieve it, he steals the sports garments of Nanako Saeki—a model student who Takao calls his muse and a femme fatale.Deeply ashamed of his act which he sees as a sin and what others see as a crime, Takao realizes with horror that Sawa Nakamura, his classmate and social outcast, knows about his theft. Blackmailed by her, Takao is now forced to partake in Sawa's disturbing fantasies, lest she reveals his deeds to everyone. Caught in a negative spiral of increasingly traumatic experiences, will Takao be able to break free from Sawa's thorns and atone for his sins?[Written by MAL Rewrite]When a gigantic, unearthly monster suddenly looms on the skyline of a Japanese city, the expected occurs—the Japan Self-Defense Forces roll out the tanks while the public panics. Nobody knows what it is or where it came from, but Yuki, a bold and inquisitive teenage girl, has a secret but might be a useful clue. Her friend Tetsu has been clandestinely caring for a bizarre creature called Cenco, which will soon prove itself to have some remarkable, even impossible characteristics. Another teenage boy, a stranger with some mysterious link to the monstrosity attacking the city, shows up, and his unwelcome interest in Tetsu's pet snuffs out any doubt of a connection—and lights the fuse for the coming battle.(Source: Rupert Bottenberg, Fantasia Genre Film Festival)Season Fairies create and control the weather using special musical instruments. They make the wind blow, the snow fall, the sun shine; if it's something weather related, they are the ones who make it happen. Sugar, an apprentice Snow Fairy, and her friends Salt and Pepper, all want to become full-fledged Season Fairies, and the only way to achieve this is to search for and find the "Twinkles" that will make their magical flowers bloom. The only problem is that none of them have any idea what a Twinkle is. They enlist the somewhat unwilling help of Saga, a human girl who can see Season Fairies. Much to her annoyance, Saga's perfectly planned and ordered life has just become a little too lively for her taste. Together, they search for the mysterious Twinkles while trying to perfect their magic.(Source: ANN)After the battle with Doakuder at Soukaizan (the "other" world where the rainbow has disappeared because of the devils), a demon world Devil came to Genseikai (human world) and stole Wataru's conscience. Because of that, Wataru's heart of justice and his memories of being Kyuuseishu (world savior) vanished. After Shibaraku and Himiko brought him back to Shinbukai (the "other" world, where Soukaizan is located), Wataru regained his memories, however his conscience was still missing. To get it back, Kyuuseishu Wataru must return to fight the devils, rescuing all of Soukaizan from catastrophe!Chou Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru is the 3rd work of the Mashin Eiyuuden Wataru TV series by SUNRISE, and is considered as a "remake" series of the previous Wataru series. It started airing from October 2, 1997, and ended on September 24, 1998, every Thursday from 6:00 to 6:30pm, with a total of 51 episodes.(Source: AniDB)Hiroshi was ordered to be the manager of his company's Mexico branch in order to collect the fruit of a new type of cactus that has the sweetest nectar. So, Nohara family packs up and moves to Mexico to live there. They had to bid farewell to their acquaintances and the citizens of Kasukabe with tears. Shinnosuke heard that Mexican young girls are stylish and beautiful and became eager for this journey. On arriving at Mardequellyovaca city in Mexico, a new life full of anxiety, surrounded by unique neighbors awaits them. But Shinnosuke and Nohara family had no idea that flesh-eating killer cactuses are going to attack.To save the town, the Nohara family and their neighbors work together to fight against "Killer Cactus". (Source: Wikipedia)"Huey" Anthony Disward and Dalian trek to the land owned by Sergeant Callavos, where it is rumored that a Phantom Book may be located. With the help of a local herbalist named Thalia, the two reach a remote village and begin to confirm relevant information to their investigation. Although it has been reported that Callavos perished alongside his family in a gruesome fire six months prior, his daughter Florence has been sighted in a nearby forest—and is suspected of causing the blaze. To verify these allegations once and for all, Huey and Dalian travel to the lord's manor, only to uncover the truth behind a thorny past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is a succession of races in imaginative paths and runs to suit her run. The story will focus increasingly what is the real Emperor, will be discovered having this many mini title that will compare against the Emperor of Yonkuro, the epilogue to the epic challenge of the Rally of hell in this race will challenge a group of thugs who want to take advantage of Best of Mini 4WD racers to be able to recover a hidden treasure.The story centers on a brother and sister, Tatsuya and Kiyoko, the children of a scientist at the Twin X facility. This story is used by the very popular main character Yonkuro Hinomaru.(Source: ANN)It looked like it would be a normal day for Ganta Igarashi and his classmates—they were preparing to go on a class field trip to a certain prison amusement park called Deadman Wonderland, where the convicts perform dangerous acts for the onlookers' amusement. However, Ganta's life is quickly turned upside down when his whole class gets massacred by a mysterious man in red. Framed for the incident and sentenced to death, Ganta is sent to the very jail he was supposed to visit. But Ganta's nightmare is only just beginning. The young protagonist is thrown into a world of sadistic inmates and enigmatic powers, to live in constant fear of the lethal collar placed around his neck that is slowed only by winning in the prison's deathly games. Ganta must bet his life to survive in a ruthless place where it isn't always easy to tell friend from foe, all while trying to find the mysterious "Red Man" and clear his name, in Deadman Wonderland.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nobita's dad stumbled upon a strange advertisement of a fantastic resort on television at midnight. Sleepy as he was, he made a reservation even though he didn't even realize he was talking to the advertisement. The next day he discussed with the family their holiday plans, only to realize he could not find the place anywhere on earth. All of a sudden though, there was a suitcase in Nobita's room and intrigued as he was, he opened it only to find a portal to a beautiful resort managed by tin robots. Better still, it's absolutely free. However, it seems that there is a hidden agenda behind the person who invites them there.(Source: ANN)A retelling of Dragon Ball's origin with a different take on the meeting of Goku, Bulma, and Kame-Sen'nin. It also retells the Red Ribbon Army story; but this time they find Goku rather than Goku finding them. (Source: ANN)While on a mission to find and defeat a troublesome mage, several members of the Fairy Tail guild are split up in an unfamiliar town. At the same time, Haru, Elie, and the rest of their group are also separated. In a fortunate turn of events, Elie runs into Lucy and Happy, who are looking for Natsu. Meanwhile, Haru stumbles upon Natsu, who is struggling with motion sickness. Although she seems friendly, Elie matches the description of the troublemaker that the Fairy Tail members were assigned to locate. To make matters worse, Natsu learns of Haru's relationship with her and suspects them to be accomplices.In this crossover between two popular series, Fairy Tail x Rave follows the two groups as they discover their similarities with each other. As the miscommunications add up, they are pitted against one another in a heated clash of powers, but will have to work together against a common foe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since their days as students, Tsukasa Jinguuji has had incredible luck with women due to his good looks; Hinata Tachibana has had almost none, overshadowed by Jinguuji's brilliance. However, while Jinguuji has never shown interest in the opposite sex, Tachibana is always desperate for a girlfriend. Despite their polar differences, they continue to be best friends even in their thirties as salarymen. One night, the two are returning home from a mixer where Jinguuji was the center of attention as usual. In his drunken rambles, a frustrated Tachibana inadvertently wishes to become a beautiful girl with irresistible charm. As if the heavens were listening, a goddess suddenly shows herself before Jinguuji and Tachibana, transporting them to another world to defeat the Demon Lord and simultaneously granting Tachibana's desire.Tachibana—now in the body of an impossibly perfect woman—has become so attractive that even Jinguuji is captivated. Moreover, Tachibana grows aware of Jinguuji's stunning appearance, finally understanding his popularity. Before they fall in love with each other, the duo must complete their mission or risk remaining prisoners to their infatuations forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The year 2010 AD. Romani Archaman has been posted to Chaldea. There, he becomes the primary doctor for a young girl. Mash Kyrielight, Chaldea's second successful summoning experiment, is interested in the word "Senpai." The interaction between the two gives Mash a reason to hope. That hope becomes a wave and starts to spread. That is your story, the story of a normal "somebody." The story at the beginning of a journey that weaves the future.(Source: AniplexUS)In 20xx, a civil war broke out in a small country in Asia in spite of the dispatch of UN forces. But a picture taken by accident in the battlefield accelerates the peace process: a photograph of a flag, which became the symbol of peace. However, just before the peace agreement is finalized, the flag is stolen by an armed extremist group in order to obstruct the truce. To rescue the flag, the UN sends the Special Development Command (SDC, which is armed with the High Agility Versatile Weapon Carrier (HAVWC)), along with an embedded photojournalist to record their activities. That photojournalist is Saeko Shirasu—the young camerawoman who took the picture of the flag. (Source: ANN)Middle school students Nagisa Misumi and Honoka Yukishiro are the epitome of dissimilarity. Popular with their classmates, Nagisa is the school's energetic star lacrosse player, while Honoka is the soft-spoken "Queen of Intelligence."As unrelated as they may seem, Nagisa and Honoka live double lives as the "emissaries of light": Cure Black and Cure White of Pretty Cure. With the assistance of two fairies, Mipple and Mepple, the girls fight against the Dotsuku Zone—an evil force that has invaded the Garden of Light. In order to prevent the Dotsuku Zone from taking over the Garden of Rainbows as well, the pair must work together to find seven Prism Stones and restore the Prism Hopish to drive out the vile forces.With strong foes standing in their way, Nagisa and Honoka learn to work together and harness their newfound powers in order to save the worlds from further ruin.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The day before the ceremony marking the completion of the Yajima Stadium, Nils Nielsen invites Sei Iori, Meijin Kawaguchi, and others to an exhibition battle using the new large-scale battle system he has designed. Now that they are all reunited, Sei attempts to show off the Build Strike Cosmos that he has upgraded for the exhibition, but then he notices something missing... Meanwhile, somebody takes control of the stadium's systems, sealing Sei and the others inside. Before them appears a mysterious group, which has come to challenge them to Gunpla Battle.(Source: Sunrise)Hayate, Nagi and the gang spend the last days of summer break at Nishizawa's countryside vacation home. But a mysterious spirit has concocted a scheme to separate the butler from his young mistress. (Source: ANN) As a punishment for losing an intense poker game, Keiichi Maebara, Rena Ryuuguu, Mion Sonozaki, Satoko Houjou, and Rika Furude must walk around town dressed in costumes. Wanting to avoid being seen by more people, Keiichi convinces the group to visit Yagouchi—a deserted neighboring village.Mion's mention of a nearby abandoned quarry spikes the attention of Rena and Keiichi. Still, as she tells them more about the mysterious incidents surrounding the place, they debate whether it would be wise to explore it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The beginning of Light Magic and the Hero, an otome RPG, unfolds fairly normally: the heroine, Alicia Ehnleit, meets her three love interests one after another and then inevitably comes face-to-face with the villainess. Yumiella Dolkness may be of noble descent, but her dark hair and rare dark-type magic—both associated with the Demon Lord—spark fear in anyone who sees her. When she is five years old, Yumiella regains memories of her previous life in modern Japan, also realizing that her fate is to become the hidden boss that appears after Alicia and her suitors defeat the Demon Lord.Yumiella refuses to live as the game dictates and, as she prefers the game's fantasy elements over its romance, she decides to cultivate her magical skills and level up in secret. However, everything falls apart on the day of the Royal Academy's entrance ceremony. Yumiella's powers are measured at level 99—something thought impossible even for the royal knights, let alone a 15-year-old girl. With the royal family requesting her help, and everyone else insisting that she prove her strength, Yumiella realizes that her dream of a quiet life is no longer an option.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on the 4-koma manga stories of Bokura wa Minna Kawaisou. Included in Blu-ray/DVD volumes 1-7.Although citizens of London view dragons as a fairy-tale myth, statistics confirm that 72% of the city's deaths are caused by these grotesque beings. Unable to see them, the public is oblivious to their existence. However, in a mirror dimension to "Front London," exists a place where dragons can be seen with the naked eye—"Reverse London."Ninny Spangcole is a member of a popular girl group. But in Reverse London, she works as a "Witch" at Wing Bind—an organization that dispatches agents to exterminate the beasts and protect the citizens of both Londons using magic. Ninny and her partner, Noel Niihashi, in addition to their jobs, safeguard Baldo Ywain Parks, a young man with an odd connection to the dragons.Thanks to the Wing Bind's hard work, there were no fatal dragon attacks for almost a century. But the peace shatters when Baldo's presence unexpectedly causes a Dark Dragon to wreak havoc in the city. The witches are further inconvenienced when Ninny's troublesome former bandmate appears in Reverse London—in tandem with another powerful dragon.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chirin, a newborn lamb, and his mother live a peaceful life in a meadow. As long as they stay inside the fence that protects them and the rest of the flock, they are free to frolic and graze on the delicious clover leaves. However, their idyllic life is shattered when a wolf named Wor attacks them in the dead of night, killing Chirin's mother.Struggling to process his mother's death, Chirin swears to become a wolf himself in order to avenge his mother, unaware of what this transformation would cost him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The charming cast consisting of Rikka Takanashi and her friends continues spending time together through seven short episodes of fun games and idle chatter. Discover what is hidden inside Sanae Dekomori's hair buns, as well as other useless but fun facts about the beloved characters in Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Ren Specials. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to the advent of modern technology, kids have abandoned their crayons and paper for electronic tablets, causing the imaginative energy emitted from children's doodles to reach an all-time low. Consequently, the Rakuga Kingdom in the sky, powered by such energy, is now at risk of collapsing onto the cities below. For any hope to avoid such a catastrophe, the kingdom's princess hastily seeks out a hero from Earth capable of wielding the "Miracle Crayon." While the kingdom's reformers arrive on land to seize Earth, the magical crayon finds itself in the hands of Shinnosuke "Shin-chan" Nohara. In a journey that will test the limits of childlike imagination, Shin-chan must harness his creativity to secure the safety of his home and restore peace to both worlds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This two episode OVA retelling of the first Da Capo series with the "what if" Junichi Asakura were to return Kotori Shirakawa's feelings.During the final episode pre-screening event on Friday, it was announced that Double Decker! Doug & Kirill TV anime will get three extra episodes. Titled Double Decker! Doug & Kirill: Extra, the three episodes will be streamed via Bandai Channel and other streaming websites between February and April 2019. The Blu-ray and DVD for the extra episodes will also be released on May 24, 2019.(Source: MAL News)It is said that every few years, there is what's known as the "Summer of Anu."  During that summer, thanks to the divine protection of the sky-god Anu, all of the demons in the tower lose their power.  The country of Uruk has begun an invasion of the tower in order to suppress the demons.  They've built up positions inside the tower, with their sights set on getting to the upper levels.  The Uruk army knows that this is the third Summer of Anu-a perfect time to launch a mission to suppress the monster Druaga once and for all.  The army soldiers aren't the only ones in the tower, though.  An enitre city called Meskia has formed inside the tower's first floor.  It plays host not just to soldiers, but also to adventurers who have heard rumors about a legendary treasure called the Blue Crystal Rod, which is said to rest at the very top of the tower.  With all these different groups in the mix, each with its own agenda, one can only guess how things will play out during this unusual summer.(Source:  Newtype Magazine)Having been accepted into the Kaede Inn, Nana struggles to find some way to contribute, though she inadvertently brings more trouble than assistance. However, Nana's worries are directed more towards fellow resident Nyu, whom she had only known as Lucy, the violent Diclonius. Fearful that Nyu will unleash the same horrific savagery—violence that scars Nana to this day—upon those close to her, Nana faces a dilemma: attempt to live peacefully alongside Lucy with all the uncertainty that that entails or dispose of the source of her worries, shattering the relationships she has formed at the inn. As Nana struggles to come to a decision, Nyu recalls a painful memory of one of her dearest friends and one of her greatest rivals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of "Ensemble Stars!! Road to Show!!" picks up in New York City and acts as a direct sequel to the anime, where the main characters have gathered for an awards ceremony because three of the movies they have created have been nominated. Considering that they are in the Big Apple, the idols decide to visit different locations in the city, but things are not exactly what they seem, and it's up to the protagonists to figure out what sinister force may be hiding behind the curtains.(Source: Looper)Having concluded their adventure inside the mystical book The Universe of the Four Gods, Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo resume their ordinary lives with but one exception: upon returning to the real world, Miaka is permitted to bring her beloved Tamahome along with her. Unfortunately, shortly afterward, new troubles threaten the couple's hard-earned happiness. During a visit to the graves of the two other girls who had traveled inside The Universe of the Four Gods, Tamahome is engulfed by a red light and disappears right before Miaka's eyes. Witnessing the puzzling incident, her brother Keisuke and his best friend Tetsuya Kajiwara resolve to help the heartbroken Miaka find her boyfriend again. Meanwhile, Tamahome has been brought back into the book, only to discover that 50 years had passed since his departure. To his surprise, he learns that he has now switched identities with his former enemy, Nakago. Will the two lovers triumph over these adversities to reunite once more, or are they doomed to remain separated forever?Fushigi Yuugi Otsukare Ian Bus Ryokou: Kindan no Josei Onsen-henThe Celestial Warriors of gods Suzaku and Seiryuu, alongside their priestesses, Miaka Yuuki and Yui Hongo, are granted a bus trip to a special hot spring resort to enjoy some leisure time. Despite the extensive journey, the lively party spices up the experience by playing mischievous tricks on each other, completely unaware of the surprise awaiting them at their destination.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On his way to visit the Queen of the Garden of Light, the Sage of the Garden of Clouds accidentally drops the egg of the Houhou. The egg lands in the Garden of Rainbows, where it is found by Hikari, attracting the attention of a powerful pair of servants of the Dark Lord.(Source: AniDB)Corruption looms over the prosperous Russell City, where manifestations of negative emotions called Horrors cause chaos and mayhem. The Makai Order is the last bastion of hope against these unholy creatures. Using several small businesses as fronts, they deploy powerful Makai Knights and magical Makai Alchemists to combat the Horror threat. Within this secretive order, the highest rank of Golden Knight has been bestowed upon a large, powerful man named Sword, granting him use of the Garo armor and blade. He alone knows of a plot that threatens the entire Makai Order, with his only hint being the phrase “El Dorado." While fighting a Horror, he encounters Sophia "Sophie" Hennis, a teenage girl whose brother's disappearance years ago is also linked to the same phrase. The two agree to work together to uncover the truth behind "El Dorado" and the disappearance of Sophie's brother.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A collection of seven individual and unique shorts which range from touching to downright bizarre. With each story different from the last, we encounter monsters going to school, a man who has a hard time dealing with himself, and a child who learns the hard way about the circle of life, as well as many other unique characters and experiences.A journey through the minds of the most prolific artists in Japan, this compilation truly is the setting of a Genius Party.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The alien Wulgaru's last assault against humanity was foiled by the heroic actions of the genetically enhanced humans known as the Evolved Children in their advanced AHSMB battle armor, but now a new attack has been launched against Earth under an even deadlier champion, Diorna, created from the fusion of DNA from two Wulgaru Royals.Unfortunately, Izuru Hitachi, the leader of Team Rabbits who defeated the Wulgaru Royal Jiart, is still out of action and recovering, so the task of marshalling the Majestic Princes and stopping Diorna falls upon the unready shoulders of Toshikazu Asagi. Together with the remaining members of Team Rabbits and the recently created Team Fawn, it’s up to Asagi to hold the line against the most ruthless adversary yet.(Source: Anilist)A compilation of Girls & Panzer! and Girls & Panzer: Kore ga Hontou no Anzio-sen desu!.When the Social Welfare Agency investigates the disappearance of an operative, their inquiry leads them right into the lair of their rival, the Five Republics. The assassin Triela infiltrates the hostile organization, but her search is cut short when she finds herself staring down the barrel of a gun...(Source: ANN)One rainy day, Akane crosses path with a kind young man who tacitly offers to her his coat. On their second encounter, he confesses that he has no recollection of who he is, his name or his past, but feels contented by just being with her. Besotted, Akane sets out to find his name, and to unravel his enigmatic connection with a famous cursed dance rumoured to kill anyone who attempts to perform it.(Source: ANN)During the height of World War II, Nazi Germany seeks to strengthen their soldiers with technology crafted under the influence of vampiric biology. Out of fear of this technology turning the tide of war in the Axis's favor, Sir Arthur Hellsing enlists his butler and soldier Walter C. Dornez and vampire Alucard to put a stop to the German plot, sending the two men into a conflict that will scar them both forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A story set in the mid-1800's about a young doctor who has been trained in Western-style medicine and a young samurai who is trying to live up to the old traditions of his class and culture. The story is actually based upon real people - the doctor, Ryo-an, was Tezuka's great grandfather.During the Second Year of Ansei (1855) in Edo's Koishigawa are two young men, Manjiro Ibutani and Ryoan Tezuka. Ibutani is a low-ranking samurai who is a gifted swordsman and has a straightforward and strong sense of justice. Tezuka has a more carefree attitude. He has an eye for the ladies, but he is passionate about becoming a doctor. The two opposite characters come of age during the backdrop of the turbulent end of the Tokugawa Period (1600-1868 CE).(Source: AnimeNfo) An educational anime about the history and founding of the Hinamatsuri holiday in Japan.One day as Kon Hokaze is playing an MMORPG, he receives a request from a female character in the game. He thinks that he has lucked out and found a girlfriend online, but suddenly he finds himself transported into the world of Mira where he accidentally saves a young princess by landing on her attacker with his swivel chair. With no idea how he got there nor how to get back to his own world, Kon tags along with the princess as part of her honor guard while a militant faction of the princess's own country seeks to capture her before she can complete her arranged marriage.(Source: Wikipedia)The story follows the adventures of rabbit-shaped Jewelpet Ruby, her long-best human friend Airi Kirara and the other Jewelpets on their mission to restore the Jewel Castle, which had fallen from the skies into the middle of the town because of humanity's lack of faith in magic. To restore people's belief in magic, Jewelpets transform into humans to study more about them.(Source: ANN, edited)Yuuta Hibiki wakes up in the room of Rikka Takarada and notices two things: he has no memories, and he can hear a mysterious voice calling his name from a nearby room. On further inspection, he finds a robot—which introduces itself as Hyper Agent Gridman—behind the screen of an old computer. Much to Yuuta's surprise, Rikka cannot hear Gridman, nor can she see the ominous monsters looming over a thick fog as it envelopes the town outside.Another giant monster materializes in the city and proceeds to wreak havoc. Amidst the confusion, Yuuta is once again drawn to the old computer and merges with Gridman. Suddenly, he appears in the middle of the battle and is forced to fight the monster. Together with Rikka and fellow classmate Shou Utsumi, Yuuta forms the "Gridman Alliance" to defeat the monsters plaguing the city and find whoever is responsible for their emergence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After a successful Ayanagi Festival, Yuuta Hoshitani and the members of Team Ootori celebrate the beginning of a new year and their final semester as first years at Ayanagi Academy. However, with Itsuki Ootori expelled from the Kao Council, Team Ootori no longer qualifies as a Star Team. Stripped of their privileges, they also will not be allowed to participate in the upcoming graduation ceremony. Desperate to get their mentor back, Hoshitani and the others hatch a plan to convince the Kao Council to allow Ootori to reassume his former position.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At Hope's Peak Academy, a school full of extraordinarily talented individuals, Nagito Komaeda is an ordinary boy with no special traits or interesting skills to speak of—except for his incredible unluckiness. Just walking to school in the morning leads to a number of unfortunate accidents, which only escalate as the day goes on. Despite this, Komaeda leads a relatively normal life and is satisfied with his modest slice of happiness.But everything changes when a mysterious boy who declares himself the "Destroyer of the World" arrives to shatter this hopeless paradise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on "Unico and the Kingdom of the Sun," which was newly written as a theater version, this animated film features a battle between the wizard Kukuruku and Unico. Kukuruku builds a castle using dolls transformed from men as building parts. The story revolves around the sorrow and terror of men who have been transfigured into dolls, and a girl named Cherry who wishes to recover the kindness in her brother, who is a student of Kukuruku. This work reminds us of the fact that "transformation" or "transfiguration" - favorite themes of Tezuka Osamu - involves not only material aspects, but also man's immaterial heart.(Source: Tezuka Osamu's Website)During a winter long ago, near-immortal vampires began plaguing the world. As their population grew at an astounding rate, they promptly threw humanity off its place at the top of the food chain. Desperate to avoid extinction, the surviving humans concentrated in their last safe haven—a small city surrounded by an enormous wall. There, they have waged war against the vampires for many years. In the midst of a particularly brutal attack by the vampires, a human soldier named Momo encounters Fiine, the queen of their enemies. After seeing her try to save Momo's best friend from a rampaging vampire, Momo follows Fiine back to her house. It is there Momo connects with Fiine over their love for music and desire to escape the fighting. Pursuing that goal of escape, the two decide to journey toward a supposed paradise where humans and vampires coexist—despite being uncertain of its existence. However, Momo and Fiine are being targeted by both races, who they must first evade if they hope to reach their destination in one piece.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While riding with Jack Atlas and Crow Hogan, Yuusei Fudou's Stardust Dragon is captured by Paradox, a mysterious Turbo Duelist from the future, during a Turbo Duel and turned into a Sin Monster. With the help of the Crimson Dragon, Yuusei chases after Paradox as he enters a time slip, ending up in the past. During this time, Paradox duels against Jaden Yuki, who is still able to use the powers of Yubel and The Supreme King. However, by this time Paradox had also captured Cyber End Dragon and Rainbow Dragon and overwhelms Jaden. He is saved thanks to Yuusei and the Crimson Dragon. Jaden informs Yuusei of Paradox's true intentions. By stealing various monsters from across time and turning them dark, he plans to kill Maximillion Pegasus, the creator of Duel Monsters, preventing the game from being created and causing the events of all three series to never happen.Yuusei and Jaden agree to pursue Paradox, which leads them to the past and causes a meeting with the King of Games, Yuugi Mutou. However, by the time Yuusei and Jaden arrive, Paradox had already attacked his time, supposedly killing both Pegasus and Yuugi's grandpa, and had also managed to steal Blue-Eyes White Dragon and Red-Eyes Black Dragon. After explaining everything to Yuugi, he agrees to fight with Yuusei and Jaden against Paradox in the ultimate three-on-one duel to free the trapped monsters and save both the world and time itself before it's too late.(Source: Wikipedia)Special episode of Yumeiro Pâtissière shown at the Ribon event along with Hiyokoi.In the 71st year of the True Era, humans have successfully expanded into space and have started living in independent galactic colonies. The world itself is split between two major nations: the Atlantic Rim United States (ARUS) and the Dorssia Military Pact Federation (Dorssia)—superpowers that wage war against each other on Earth and far into outer space. In this war-torn era, a third faction comprised of Japan and Islands of the Oceanian Republic (JIOR), reside peacefully and prosper economically, maintaining neutrality between themselves and their militant neighbors.Kakumeiki Valvrave commences in an outer space JIOR colony, where 17-year-old Haruto Tokishima's peaceful life is turned upside down as a sudden Dorssian fleet breaches the neutral colony. Their objective is to seize the Valvraves: powerful, but rumored mechanized weapons hidden deep within Haruto's school, Sakimori Academy. In the ensuing chaos, Haruto stumbles upon one of the targeted Valvraves. With his friends' lives in peril, Haruto enters the mecha and seals a contract for its power in exchange for his humanity. With the aid of L-elf—an enigmatic Dorssian agent and gifted strategist—Haruto and the Valvrave initiate a revolution to liberate the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set in an alternate world called Yamauchi, ruled by the Yatagarasu clan, who are able to transform between human and crow forms. Yukiya, a beautiful and eccentric Yatagarasu boy, is chosen to serve the young prince. While encountering various events in the conspiracy-filled imperial court, he forms a strange master-servant relationship with the young prince.(Source: MAL News)The Kodomo No Omocha OVA is a thirty-minute animation video that was made before the TV series. It covers the first volume of the manga, so it's equivalent to TV episodes 1-6. It relates Sana's troubles with Hayama at school as a result of the "oyakodon baka" situation and culminates when Hayama's dad and sister realize their mistakes thanks to Sana's efforts. (Source: AniDB)People fall in love in the most mysterious of ways. This statement seems to be especially true for the affluent genius playboy Ryou Amakusa. When he nearly falls off the stairs one rainy morning, a girl named Ichika Arima saves him. As if by fate, Ryou encounters Ichika again later that night; she happens to be the best friend of his little sister, Rio.Wanting to "thank" her, Ryou attempts to woo Ichika by employing his usual flirtatious tactics only to be immediately shot down, his target creeped out by his behavior. Rather than being discouraged, Ryou instead becomes more enthralled by her, and he begins to do everything he can to steal Ichika's heart despite receiving disgusted reactions each time. However, as time passes by, will Ichika remain repulsed by Ryou's creepy yet dedicated advances?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Renton, son of scientists, and Eureka, a girl who can't live under the sun, are raised together when very young and become very attached to each other. One day, Eureka is taken away. Powerless at the time, Renton vows to rescue her. He enters the military and is soon is assigned to the Independent Youths Unit 303 of the First Mobile Forces thanks to his exceptional performance alongside his Nirvash, a bio-mechanical armor/control system. Unknown to Renton, lies a plot to extinguish the alien invasion that is currently happening involving not only him, but Eureka too. (Source: ANN)High school student Ibuki Keita has been haunted by misfortune for as long as he can remember. For no apparent reason, everyone around him dies tragically. Ultimately, he refuses to become too close to anyone, even his childhood friend Akane. This leaves Keita alone in a life full of misery and disgrace.While eating at his favorite ramen shop one evening, Keita meets a strange young girl named Kuro. Possessing abilities that surpass that of a normal human being, Kuro classifies herself as a Mototsumitama. She explains to Keita about "Terra," a life-energy force split between three identical looking people; a global phenomenon dubbed the "Doppeliner System." As a Mototsumitama, Kuro guards the "Coexistence Equilibrium," the beings that protect the flow of Terra around the world. Keita refuses to believe her story, until he is caught up in the crossfire of this hidden world. On the verge of death, he makes a contract with Kuro, unbeknownst to its true meaning. Now he is bound to Kuro, and must be with her at all times. Could Keita's misfortune possibly get any greater?[Written by MAL Rewrite]During the dawn of the 21st century, the United Nations Kurobe Research Institute was established in Japan to investigate an ancient artifact, which was discovered during the construction of the Kurobe Dam. Scientists from around the world have gathered in the facility to study the object, while their children enjoy their everyday lives attending Mt. Tate International Senior High School.Yukina Shirahane, a reserved high school girl, is the daughter of the facility's head scientist. While visiting her mother at the facility, Yukina manages to solve part of the artifact's puzzle. To her surprise, what appears before her is Kennosuke Tokisada Ouma, a young samurai from the Sengoku era.As a threat approaches from outer space, Yukina, along with Kennosuke, finds herself defending Earth against the invading forces. Along the way, she discovers the mystery behind Kennosuke and the reason he is determined to protect her.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Three kids are stuck in a strange city causing massive mayhem through the land. They are searching for an atypical rabbit in order to return home. Koto, the eldest of the three, seems to have some sort of connection to this weird place ruled by a monk, a demon, and a priest.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.One sunny day invaders came from space. They weren't little green men or funny girls wearing school uniforms, though. They were ugly robots which defeated the UN forces in seconds. After that the invaders (known as "eyeballs") roamed around and observed human society. In fact, they were peaceful unless attacked. They were polite and followed all the traffic laws, too. Still, they were aliens and the people of Earth wanted them to go home. The Kitanohashi High School Magic Club took it on themselves to defeat these foul robots and free the world. (Source: ANN) A series of specials included on the Maria-sama ga Miteru 4th DVD releases.2 Unaired Episodes of Mayonaka no Occult Koumuin.OVA included with special edition of volume 5 of the Mikakunin de Shinkoukei manga.Mashiro and Kobeni share with each other a story from their pasts. Kobeni retells an episode of her childhood with Benio and Nadeshiko while Mashiro describes one of her days back on her home in the mountains.After scaling Mt. Everest, mountain climbing partners Saruwatari Gorou and "Lostman" Jack F. Woodbridge see the ISA Space Station, and each vows to make the trek into outerspace. When Helium 3, a new energy source, is discovered on the moon, NASA forms a new project named "Nexus" to harness that energy for use on earth. This is the story of the two and the paths they take to see their dream become a reality in the quest to harness the next-generation energy source.(Source: ANN)Meliodas and his friends jump back into action, when the new era of peace is threatened by a powerful magical alliance that could spell the end for all.(Source: Netflix)Junpei Kousaka is a second-year high school student who has an allergy for cats—a predicament that has made him hate cats and everything related to them. Unfortunately for him, though, he is surrounded by cat lovers: his family, his estranged childhood friend, and even his crush Kaede Mizuno.One day, while returning home from school, Junpei nonchalantly attempts to kick an empty can into the trash, but miserably misses. Instead of making it to the garbage, the can ends up breaking off the head of a cat deity statue. That fateful day, he is cursed with the ability to understand cat speech. However, he must keep his curse a secret from everyone else, because anyone who finds out will become more accident-prone and share the same fate as him.With the guidance of his cat Nyamsus and with no other choice left, Junpei now has to do a hundred good deeds for cats to lift the curse. If he is unable to complete this task, he will turn into a cat, and considering his allergy, that would be a death sentence for him![Written by MAL Rewrite]A recap OVA summarizing the ten-year TV series up to the Impel Down arc.Mirror Ball Island is throwing the largest dance festival in the East Blue. While outlaw hypnotist Jango is enjoying the festivities, he is found and cornered by a Marine captain. He narrowly escapes by hypnotizing the entire island to “dance until they drop.” Unfortunately, pirate Monkey D. Luffy and his Straw Hat Crew get caught in the commotion and are also forced to dance the night away. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Riku Tachibana is an average 1st year junior high school student who was supposed to be living a peaceful, ordinary life, but just after entering junior high he ends up fighting a duel against a mysterious man calling himself “a Warrior of Earth,” and Riku’s life is changed forever! Riku discovers that he is a survivor of the believed extinct “Warriors of Heaven,” Using a device called “DRIVE” and summoning a Shikigami, or “Divine Beast,” called Kogenta to his side, Riku devotes his life to the battle against the Warriors of Earth!(Source: Sunrise)Ookiku Furikabutte recap OVA where the TV series has been reassembled into two 90 minute episodes.After participating in the Johto League, Satoshi decides to begin anew in yet another journey; this time by himself and Pikachu, in the land of Houen. Though he isn't alone for long, as 10-year-old Haruka (whom dislikes Pokemon, but just wants to come along to see the world) travels with him after Pikachu destroys her bicycle. Satoshi also meets up with his old companion, Takeshi, and Haruka's younger brother, Masato. Together, they travel along in Houen, battling Gym Leaders, entering contests, and other events on the way to the Houen League.(Source: ANN, edited)The anime will take place not in space (uchuu), but in "Puchuu," and will feature the first "Puchuu tour" in PriPara history. The PriPara idols will tour the solar system and will discover new wonders. Various trials await the idols, and things aren't straight forward. Will the idols be able to make it back to Earth safely?(Source: ANN)"Fairilu" are fairies of flowers, insects, mermaids, or other entities that are born from "Farilu Seeds." All Fairilu are born with their own key, and they must search to find and open the door that fits only their key. Once the Fairilu pass through the doors, they mature. The doors are also related to the human world.(Source: ANN)The Alzano Empire is home to one of the most distinguished magic schools in the world: the Alzano Imperial Magic Academy. Here, ambitious young students undergo training to become competent magicians. Sistine Fibel—a stern noble girl—and her bright-eyed best friend Rumia Tingel attend the Academy, determined to cultivate their magical skills.However, their world is thrown for a loop when their favorite teacher suddenly retires and the enigmatic Glenn Radars replaces him. His lazy and indifferent attitude toward life and magic quickly puts him at odds with his class. What's more, nefarious forces hidden within the empire's walls start to become active, and Sistine, Rumia, and Glenn find themselves caught up in their schemes.Rokudenashi Majutsu Koushi to Akashic Records follows Sistine, who is captivated by a mysterious floating Sky Castle; Rumia, who is haunted by a troubled past; and Glenn, who may be more than meets the eye. Though completely different on the surface, they are inexplicably bound together by a thread of fate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 2201, one year after the Yamato saved Earth from radioactive contamination, a new threat emerges. The Yamato makes its final journey to save the Earth from this new threat.Earth has almost recovered from the battle against Gamilus, and reconstruction has expanded to the other planets. When former Yamato crew-mates discover a strange, garbled message that seems to be coming from a white comet headed towards Earth, they hijack their old space fortress and begin a new battle.(Source: AnimeNfo)Years after the defeat of the Reptilian Empire, Getter Team has begun training on a new super robot, Neo Getter Robo. But a surprise attack from the Empire's revived leader forces them to recruit a street fighter named Go Ichimonji as Getter One's pilot. Faced with an enormously powerful foe, the new team's only hope for victory may lie in the resurrection of the lost weapon of humanity, Shin Getter Robo.(Source: ANN)People from various worlds and across different universes attend Kaginado Academy, a school of which its creation can only be attributed to a miracle. While everyone is trying to lead a normal school life, the clash of bustling personalities causes many of the students to beg questions about their world and the complexes they brought with them.Ryou Fujibayashi feels like her life is dictated by how she is judged by others, expressing her jealousy toward other girls. Yukito Kunisaki constantly finds himself out of place and neglected, continuing to wander around unemployed and penniless. Meanwhile, Ayu Tsukimiya keeps running into the most untimely of situations—all while crashing into her surroundings along the way. Such is life at Kaginado Academy, and all the fourth wall breaking and comedic antics that come with it![Written by MAL Rewrite]8 years ago, Western Civilization visited 19th century Japan. Mechanized dolls and new steam-powered creations began spreading throughout the country. The Wind Gang is a group of doll and steam users who believe in using their creations to violently bring about a new Industrial Era. They attack and destroy the peaceful village of a young doll user named Hiwou one day. Hiwou and his friends escape with a giant doll named Homura. Hiwou now wants to find his father, so that he can help defeat the Wind Gang, and bring peace back to Japan.(Source: ANN)Kaname Okiura, a student of Prefectoral Umineko Shougyou High ("Umishou" for short), joined the school's swimming club in order to learn how to swim, but the club is filled with weirdos, let alone who can teach him swimming. Then, a sunny, happy-go-lucky girl named Amuro Ninagawa who transferred from Okinawa joined the club. Her extraordinary underwater speed and unorthodox swimming style (plus her personal habit of nude swimming—a powerful magnet to teenage boys) surprised every club member, especially Okiura, because she reminds him of a mermaid-like creature he saw only once in his early childhood.(Source: ANN) Without warning in the year 2050, an alien race known only as the Inbit arrive, invade and successfully conquer the Earth. Years later and despite brutal past failures, the inhabitants of Mars Colony send out yet another desperate Liberation Force to try and reclaim their lost home world. The fleet is all but destroyed. However, a lone survivor, Stig Bernard, finds himself on Earth. Gathering a mere handful of resistance fighters, Stig journeys on towards the Inbit's headquarters at Reflex Point in an attempt to gather intelligence and, possibly, discover a way to beat them.(Source: ANN)The story continues after the intraschool music competition of the first game and anime series. The budding music student Kahoko meets the brusque boy Etō, the new youthful school board director Akihiko Kira, and the mysterious transfer student Aoi Kaji. (Source: ANN)With only Coast School in mind, Takamine Kiyomaro leaves Gash bewildered that he’ll make a new Volcan 300 for him to play with. The genius tries to catch up with the bus that would take him there, but a giant Volcan 300 kidnaps him. Meanwhile Gash befriends the same Vulcan that kidnapped Kiyomaro later named: Volcan 300 Generation 4. The genius wakes up to see that he isn’t in Coast School, but that a doctor by the name M2 wants him to be his partner in the future. However, Gash and the other demons interfere with M2's plan in taking Kiyomaro to the future by the help of Generation 4 who agreed to take Gash there by a glitch in its system. Still the doctor tries to get Kiyomaro to come back with him, but with the help of everyone, he is defeated. Though a new situation is at hand, the time warp that M2 came from is out of control. It’s up to Gash and the others to save the city or be sucked into it. (Source: ANN)Tachikomatic Days is a series of comedic shorts attached to the end of every episode of Ghost in the Shell: Stand Alone Complex. The shorts feature the antics of the Tachikoma think tanks of Section 9 and usually involve plot points. The average short time is a little over a minute.To the outside world, Hanabi Yasuraoka and Mugi Awaya are the perfect couple. But in reality, they just share the same secret pain: they are both in love with other people they cannot be with. Hanabi has loved her childhood friend and neighbor Narumi Kanai for as long as she can remember, so she is elated to discover that he is her new homeroom teacher. However, Narumi is soon noticed by the music teacher, Akane Minagawa, and a relationship begins to blossom between them, much to Hanabi's dismay. Mugi was tutored by Akane in middle school, and has been in love with her since then. Through a chance meeting in the hallway, he encounters Hanabi. As these two lonely souls spend more time together, they decide to use each other as a substitute for the one they truly love, sharing physical intimacy with one another in order to stave off their loneliness. [Written by MAL Rewrite]In the current era, a small percentage of people called "Special Abilities" have skills and powers normal humans do not possess. An autonomous organization, the Deviant Control Office, keeps these Special Abilities in check. Though some wish to maintain this order and peace, some wish to take advantage of their abilities and obtain more power in this world.Under the guidance of Tang Zichen, a master of martial arts, Wang Chao, a frail young man with a strong sense of justice, embarks on the road of traditional martial arts and goes all the way to surpass himself. He experienced the spirit of martial arts practitioners who use martial arts to stop stances and convince people with morality, and also carry forward traditional martial arts and promote righteousness.(Source: bilibili)A 9-year-old boy named Wataru Ikusabe is magically transported to a magical realm of the gods called Soukaizan which he is supposed to save. In his quest to save the realm, he manages to transform a clay sculpture into a somewhat autonomous (small) Super Robot.(Source: Wikipedia)Koji is on holiday when the 7 generals from Mikene attacks the world, under the leadership of the general of darkness.How will Koji be able to stop them...(Source: AniDB)This is a story about two sisters: Shizuru, is a high school student who is able to see ghosts while her younger sister, Mizuki, is haunted by these apparitions. Frustrated by their abilities, their parents decided to entrust the sisters into the care of their grandparents who live in the countryside. As they adapt to life in the countryside, Shizuru and Mizuki begin to learn about the importance of coexisting nature with these apparitions.(Source: ANN)In the peaceful little town of Sakuranomori, a group of young friends are about to bid farewell to one of their own. Due to his parents’ business plans, Sana Hidaka has to move away from his quiet childhood home to the boisterous city of Tokyo. Though it pains him, he must say goodbye to his precious friends—the kind-hearted Aoi Oribe, the spunky Wakatsuki twins, Shuri and Shuusuke, and the cheerful and upbeat Nanaka Yatsushiro. But even though he is reluctant to leave them behind, he believes that no matter how far apart they are, they will always cherish the memories of their friendship.Five years later, Sana, now a 16-year-old high school student, returns to his hometown with the hope of restoring his old life. However, he quickly realizes that although his town may not have changed drastically, the friends he left behind are not who they used to be. Unsettling shadows loom over Sakuranomori as his friends hold new secrets and bear burdens that threaten the bonds they once shared.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Naruto Uzumaki and his squadmates, Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno, are sent on a mission to escort a movie crew on its way to film in the Land of Snow. They soon find out that they are accompanying a famous actress, Yukie Fujikaze, who persistently refuses to travel there, making the trip far more difficult than originally intended. After a surprising encounter with ninjas from the Land of Snow, Naruto discovers that there is more to Yukie than meets the eye.Dai Katsugeki!! Yuki Hime Shinobu Houjou Dattebayo! follows the group as they attempt to overcome the obstacles in the Land of Snow and unveil Yukie's true purpose there as well.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Luffy and crew go to an island searching for a legendary sword, said to be the most expensive in the world. Soon attacking marines and beautiful maidens split the crew. Zoro betrays the crew to help an old friend, Luffy and Usopp wander through a cave, and the rest help a village fight marines. When Zoro defeats Sanji he takes the sacred pearls that are the only defense against the evil sword that will plunge the world into darkness. (Source: ANN)Somewhat based on the real story of how Gainax was founded, Otaku no Video addresses all aspects of an otaku lifestyle. Ken Kubo is a young man living an average life until he is dragged into a group of otaku. Slowly, he becomes more like them until he decides to abandon his former life to become king of otaku—the otaking!Mixed in are live-action interviews with real otaku, addressing every aspect of hardcore otaku life. Not only are anime and manga fans included, but also sci-fi fans, military fans, and other groups of Japanese geeks.Goldran follows the adventures of three young boys who are tasked with finding alien robot fighters, or Braves, that are sleeping in the form of crystals. Their major antagonist is the flamboyant and thoroughly incompetent Walter, and the villains that follow him are often similarly humorous. (Source: Wikipedia)From the popular game "THE IDOLM@STER", comes a petit spinoff cute and soothing 4-koma! The setting is the same 765 Production from the games. One day, 765 Pro idols Ami and Mami bring in the mysterious Petit-dols "Afuu" and "Yukipo"!? More and more Petit-dols gather at the offices where everyone works. Leisurely enjoy their daily lives full of laughs and happenings.This special, known in Japan as "Batoru Kaiibai 29 Hitou Korinai Yatsura," was available through the Kitty Animation Circle making it a difficult item to come by. It contained clips from twenty-nine of Ranma's most memorable opponents from the television series. (Source: furinkan.com/ranma/anime/specials.html)A two-part music OVA series never released outside of Japan featuring the main Ranma 1/2 characters. They appear to be having a music contest at a local TV station. As everybody knows, these characters can't get along for more than three minutes and hilarity and hijinks ensue. (Source: AniDB)Tomokui Kanata has been re-incarnated in the weakest goblin, named Goburou, after having undergone an unfortunate death. However Goburou has retained his previous life's memories, an unusual evolution, as well as becoming strong enough to gain status boosts from eating.In this alternate world of survival of the fittest, events unfold with competent subordinates and comrades, delightful case of the tail-wagging dog...After Koutarou Satomi's father is suddenly relocated for his job, the first-year high school student is faced with finding a cheap place to live by himself. Naturally, he jumps at the chance to move into Corona House's Room 106 for a mere five thousand yen a month. But while everything goes well at first, Koutarou soon gets a lot more than he bargained for after stumbling upon a mysterious cave while working his part-time job.The following night, Koutarou is visited by various seemingly mythical figures, all of whom claim ownership of the poor student's apartment. Among the invaders are Sanae Higashihongan, a ghost supposedly haunting the room, magical girl Yurika, alien princess Theiamillis Gre Fortorthe, and Kiriha Kurano, a direct descendant of the Earth People. But more importantly, each of these four girls needs Koutarou's apartment for her own reasons and won’t back down without a fight!Rokujouma no Shinryakusha!? is a comedic battle royale over a six-tatami mat apartment involving supernatural beings, romantic high school hijinks, and a deceptively cordial landlady.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A large scale remake of the time after Kenshin leaves Tokyo up until before the inferno of Kyoto.Nanae Island is a man-made island in the Pacific Ocean that holds everything necessary for the proper education and training of children. It was created by the Great Seven, a group of adventurers headed by Nanana Ryuugajou, as a place for the young to chase their dreams.After being disowned and exiled by his family, high school student Juugo Yama arrives on this island, happy to finally be free of his father. Upon moving into his new room, he discovers the ghost of Nanana Ryuugajou, bound to the island after her unsolved murder 10 years ago. Nanana tells Juugo that, just before her death, she hid items with unique and mysterious powers all across the island—items known as the Nanana Collection. Hoping to uncover clues that will help him find the culprit behind her death, Juugo, with the help of self-proclaimed "Master Detective" Tensai Ikkyuu and her cross-dressing maid Daruku Hoshino, sets out on his search.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nikumaru, meaning "meatball" in Japanese, is a seventeen-year-old student at Ninja High School, a special school for the training of ninja. He is short and chubby, but he possesses a super technique known as the "kamikaze", where he stirs up a whirlwind with his feet. The series introduces his many adventures and pranks as Nikumaru meets with his rivals both in and out of school.(Source: AnimeNfo)A compilation of the Seikai no Monshou series with additional footage.The rigorous city life of China, while bustling and unforgiving, contains the everlasting memories of days past. Three stories told in three different cities, Shikioriori follows the loss of youth and the daunting realization of adulthood. Though reality may seem ever changing, unchangeable are the short-lived moments of one's childhood days. A plentiful bowl of noodles, the beauty of family and the trials of first love endure the inevitable flow of time, as three different characters explore the strength of bonds and the warmth of cherished memories. Within the disorder of the present world, witness these quaint stories recognize the comfort of the past, and attempt to revive the neglected flavors of youth. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Tobias, Mary, and Sakuya challenge the impregnable "The One Sin", but they lose their way in the maze and unintentionally trap other guild members. A mysterious cat is watching their blunder. Is it another player character or NPC? Two years after meeting Aoi, Kaoru and gang are still up to their normal habits. Kaoru now in grad school and the tenants being as rowdy as ever what will become of Aoi and Kaoru's love.Two years has passed since Aoi and Kaoru were freed from the bonds of their families. They continue to live their normal lives with their usual friends in their house.The age of the demons has begun. Dr Faust has foreseen this rise of evil. Unfortunately, he is near death and is unable to personally battle this upcoming threat. Faust entrusts a young boy, Shingo Yamada, to take the responsibility of ridding the Earth of this new evil presence. Faust finds a birthmark on Shingo's forehead that signifies that he is the chosen demon fighter. Faust summons from hell what may be humanity's only hope of surviving: a less than enthusiastic devil named Mephisto rises. After signing a pact in blood to save humankind, Shingo and Mephisto set out to battle the supernatural world.(Source: AniDB)Second season of Amanchu!.The year is 1274. After conquering most of the known world, the Mongols turn their sights on Japan and their first step on the road to a full invasion of the mainland is taking Tsushima Island. Kuchii Jinzaburou and a group exiles are sent by the Kamakura Shogunate to the island at the request of Princess Teruhi. There they will face overwhelming odds and the fate of Tsushima will be decided! There is a powerful spirit doctor, renown in the world of yaoguai (sentient spirits/demons/animals/forces of nature), who wears a silent bell, though few know what she looks like. She travels the world helping yaoguai who are suffering from various spiritual ailments, sometimes helping humans along the way. She is accompanied by a young monk and a serpent demon in the form of a man. We look into the stories of various yaoguai and the sources of their suffering.Second season of Bastard!! Ankoku no Hakaishin (ONA).Though a little clumsy and easily brought to tears, Usagi Tsukino is a typical 14-year-old girl in her second year of junior high. However, all of that changes when an encounter with Luna, a mysterious talking black cat, whose head bears the mark of a crescent moon, results in the animal bestowing a magical brooch upon her. Now Usagi can transform into Sailor Moon, a magical girl in a sailor uniform who protects love and peace!Usagi is appointed as a guardian of justice and is tasked with the search for the legendary Silver Crystal, a magical artifact that holds immense power, as well as finding the other Sailor Guardians and the lost princess of Luna's home, the Moon Kingdom. Her mission isn't without opposition, however; Queen Beryl, ruler of the Dark Kingdom, wants to claim the Silver Crystal and take its power for her own.Though she still has to worry about her school, family, and love life, it is up to Sailor Moon and the other Sailor Guardians to save the day![Written by MAL Rewrite]When ordinary high school student Aoba Watase is suddenly targeted by a giant robot known as a "Valiancer," he is saved by his mysterious classmate Hina Yumihara. After revealing that she and their robotic enemy are from the future, Hina suddenly propels Aoba 70 years forward in order to prevent his death.Upon arrival, Aoba finds himself in the cockpit of a Valiancer called "Luxon," stuck in the midst of a firefight between the military forces of the Free Pact Alliance (FPA) and Zogilia Republic. After he shows high compatibility with an FPA pilot named Dio Weinberg, the two perform a successful "coupling," allowing them to share experiences and subsequently increase their capabilities and skills. Although Aoba is able to survive this unexpected battle, he is taken into custody by the FPA ship Cygnus, who wishes to interrogate him. While the student's main concern is whether he will ever be able to return home, what he doesn't realize is that he is about to get caught up in a war to protect the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Ark Fleet has been destroyed, and a significant number of the enemy's troops have been wiped out due to its crash landing. As the remaining forces of the Knights of St. Michael regroup in order to launch a final assault on Castle Weisswolf, the W-0, along with their new ally Ashley Ashra, stand ready to intercept them.Meanwhile, with his Geass out of control, Shin moves to erase his younger brother's existence once and for all. But Akito, having promised Leila that he will come back alive, refuses to accept such a fate, and the two clash in their final battle.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yui is an average schoolgirl who lives in a future where all computers are supported by a single global network known as COMNET. Yui is a computer-illiterate girl who after a computer-lab accident is approached by IR, a raccoon looking corrector computer program, which tells her she must save COMNET. She must stop the rogue A.I. (Artificial Intelligence) computer program known as Grosser and his hench-programs from taking over the world. Grosser was originally designed to be that manager of all of COMNET. At first she's very reluctant to play the heroine because of her complete lack of knowledge and ability with computers. To save COMNET she must find and gain the trust of the other seven wayward corrector programs. They must also find the creator or COMNET Professor Inukai, to help stop Grosser for good.(Source: ANN)The mysterious, delicious world of CooKingdom, which rules over all the cuisine in this world. CooKingdom has closely guarded the Recipe-Bon, in which it's written how to prepare any dish. But, oh no! One day, it gets stolen by the Bundoru Gang! The Bundoru Gang plans to monopolize everything for themselves, and their next target is the Cuisine Fairy Recipeppi... The Energy Fairies have come to Oishi-Na Town in the human world in search of the Recipe-Bon. With their help, an unexpected turn of events leads to three ordinary girls transforming into Pretty Cures! They stand up to the Bundoru Gang, to recover the Recipe-Bon, and to protect everyone's delicious smiles! (Source: Toei Animation USA)Makoto Niwa meticulously tallies the amount of positive and negative youthful experiences he engages in as if to grade his own life. When his parents go overseas, he moves to a new town to live with his aunt, welcoming the change and ready for a fresh start. However, as ordinary as he had imagined his adolescence to be, he could never have taken the existence of an enigmatic long-lost cousin into account.Upon moving into his aunt's house, he discovers the cousin he never knew about: Erio Touwa. Despite being Makoto's age, she couldn't be more different: Erio chooses to wrap herself in a futon all day rather than to go to school. She even claims to be an alien, and with a speech pattern and personality to back it up, any chance of Makoto's dreamt-of normal life is instantly tossed out the window.As he meets a string of other eccentric girls in town, Makoto must face the possibility of seeing his youth points in the red. However, he might be surprised by how thrilling an abnormal youth can be.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is rumored in the martial world that a mystery white-haired girl suddenly appeared around the thief Feng Ling Er. She is so powerful that many martial arts masters can't defeat her. The girl's identity, the source of her power and her influence to the world all caused discussion among the public. But Feng Ling Er and the white-haired girl named Bai Yu Xiu never care about it. They travel the world with pleasure, unaware of a great conspiracy coming towards them.The war on terror exploded, literally, the day Sarajevo was destroyed by a homemade nuclear device. The leading democracies transformed into total surveillance states, and the developing world has drowned under a wave of genocides. The mysterious American John Paul seems to be behind the collapse of the world system, and it's up to intelligence agent Clavis Shepherd to track John Paul across the wreckage of civilizations and to find the true heart of darkness—a genocidal organ.(Source: Viz Media)The story follows the daily life of a Akko-chan who is a new young wife.Iria is the story of a girl and the Alien being she loves to hate. The series begins with her brother, Gren, taking a job. He is a bounty hunter, and one well known for his incredible skill. Iria, being a skilled apprentice bounty hunter herself, tags along. What is the job, one might ask. It is to find out what has happened to the crew and cargo of a Space Station. Needless to say, nothing is as it seems, and the war between Iria and Zeiram begins in earnest. Fumiya Tomozaki is Japan's best player in the online game Attack Families, commonly known as "Tackfam." Despite holding such a revered title, a lack of social skills and amiability causes him to fall short in his everyday high school life. Failing to have any friends, he blames the convoluted mechanics and unfair rules of life, forcing him to give up and proclaim himself a bottom-tier character in this "game."After a fateful meeting with another top-tier Tackfam player, Fumiya is shocked to discover the player's true identity—Aoi Hinami, a popular, smart, and sociable classmate who is the complete opposite of himself. Aoi, surprised at how inept Fumiya is at everything besides Tackfam, decides to assist him in succeeding in what she calls the greatest game of them all. Through the gruesome ordeals of social interactions and relationships, Fumiya begins to advance tiers in the glorious game of life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuation of the TV series.The first short story focuses on Favaro and Kaiser between the events of the first and second series as they visit Favaro's home village. The second short story shows Kaiser as a knight commander sparring with Jeanne, and sharing the reasons they remained as Orleans Knights in the aftermath of the final battle against Bahamut.An unaired episode 8.5 included with the third BD/DVD release.New Show by Rock!! TV Series featuring the new band Mashumairesh!!.In the future, age is not a factor to determine whether someone can perform a certain task or not, but special talent and training. An organization, Machine Robo Rescue (MRR), was established for robots and children to become partner and rescue people from danger. Then 12 children with various abilities were selected and introduced as part of this program: Robo Rescue! Meet Oozora Taiyou, one of the children who were chosen as a part of MRR program. After being late on his first day of training, he went to perform a hot rescue with JETROBO. However, a mysterious Robot from mysterious organization, "The Star"(?), appeared before MRR team to interfere with the rescue. What are the motives of the mysterious organization? And what are their goals? Life as one of the children chosen as part of MRR has started for Oozora Taiyou. Bumpy and hard training is just ahead for MRR team in order to protect many people's life!(Source: AnimeNfo)After defeating the Spirit Tortoise, Naofumi has no time for rest. An attack from the next Guardian Beast is imminent, but the three other Cardinal Heroes have gone missing. So, Naofumi and his party set out to search for the legendary trio.(Source: Crunchyroll)Labyrinth Town is a legendary city composed of ten districts, home to witches and diviners alike. In the outermost district of this maze, many young girls begin training to join the ranks of the "Urara," a group of women known far and wide for their ability to divine the answers to the world's most difficult questions. Chiya, a wild girl raised amongst the animals in the mountains, is invited to take her rightful place as a first rank urara. By joining them, she hopes to divine the location of her long-lost mother.Chiya quickly makes three friends: studious Kon Tatsumi, aspiring witch Koume Yukimi, and reticent Nono Natsume. Armed with only their own ingenuity and a vague connection to the gods, they begin their journey in the way of the urara.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The new series continues the Pretty Series' conceptual motifs of song, dance, and fashion, and it also adds the theme of magic. Middle-school first-year student Matsuri Hibino loves festivals, and she dreams of one day being able to star in "PriMagi," a magic-like form of stage entertainment borne from song, dance and fashion. That day arrives when the hyper-spirited, trouble-making magician Myamu arrives from the magical realm and scouts Matsuri for PriMagi. Together, the two compete with rivals to rise to the top of PriMagi.(Source: ANN)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Second season of Yoru wa Neko to Issho.A special episode of 'Yu-Gi-Oh! Duel Monsters' aired in between episodes 88 and 89. Mainly narrated by Anzu, the special recaps the major events of the Battle City tournament, beginning from the Pharaoh's meeting with Ishizu, and retelling several important duels including Yugi and Seto's tag duel, and Yugi's duels against Jonouchi and Bakura, up to Jonouchi's battle with Rishid on the Battle Ship. The special ends with Anzu wishing the series a happy new year.The second season of Zhen Wu Dianfeng.Cobra, a notorious space pirate, is enlisted by bounty hunter Jane to rescue her sister from the strange being known as Crystal Boy, but then finds himself drawn into a complex struggle over the fate of a mysterious wandering planet.(Source: ANN)Tenchi Masaki gets the surprise of his life when a teenage girl approaches him and calls him "Daddy." Believing that the girl is mistaking him for someone else, Tenchi brings her home to figure out what is going on, which turns out to be a big mistake. When the girl introduces herself as Mayuka Masaki, Tenchi's daughter, the Masaki household is thrown into yet another frenzy. Thinking that Mayuka is just taking advantage of Tenchi, the girls refuse to believe that she is really his child. However, when DNA testing reveals that Tenchi is indeed her father, Washuu comes to the conclusion that Mayuka is his daughter from the future, the result of a recent time distortion. With this new revelation, everyone tries to welcome Mayuka into their lives with the sole exception being Ryouko Hakubi, who senses something sinister lurking beneath Mayuka's charm.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bunta no MezameAfter a spontaneous call from someone anonymous, Bunta Marui sets off on his own to meet up with them. Curious about the person on the other side of the phone, his Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School Tennis Club teammates, Renji Yanagi and Hiroshi Yagyuu, secretly tail him.Toukou TamashiiA video of Shitenhouji Middle School's Kenya Oshitari doing pen spinning tricks suddenly goes viral. Soon, this prompts a competition to see who can upload an even more bizarre video.[Written by MAL Rewrite]From squabbles about groceries against the ambient noise of the TV to their daily shenanigans, the Yamada family invites only a few unusual gazes—similar to any typical household. But despite their prickly exteriors, each of them genuinely cares for one another, making sure to smile and laugh through their otherwise dull and mundane lives. Tonari no Yamada-kun is an intimate and fun look into the lives of a typical Japanese family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story takes place in the wintry land of Shantia, with Manatsu and the others invited to the land by its princess Sharon. But as they arrive, a mysterious monster attacks Shantia, and it is closed off to outsiders.(Source: ANN)What was school life like for the main characters of A Day Before Us? With the past usually seen as dark or old news, it only takes a moment revisiting it to realize how pure and fresh those days were.Season Zero is about Wook and Yeo-reum's growth during their high school days while introducing new attractive characters and their story to the plot.(Source: fadmagazine)Maria is a powerful young witch living with her two familiars in medieval France during the Hundred Years' War against England. As the war rages on and the innocent get caught in its destruction, Maria becomes fed up with the situation and begins using her magic to try and prevent further conflict in hopes of maintaining peace. However, her constant intervention soon attracts the attention of the heavens, and the archangel Michael is sent to keep her from meddling in human affairs. The divine being confronts Maria, and he forbids her from using her powers, issuing a decree that her magic will be taken if she loses her virginity. Though she is now labeled a heretic, Maria adamantly refuses to heed Michael's warning and continues to disrupt the war between the two nations. But as the Church begins plotting to take away the witch's power and put a stop to Maria's interference once and for all, her peacemaking may soon come to an end.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Samatarou is not just an average high-school boy, the truth is that he is the son of a god, his mother is a goddess and his sisters are candidates to become goddesses. They are living in the human world, because they want their boy to learn about the human customs and the habits of the creatures that they are protecting, so that in this way Samatarou will become a better god. Tenko is a angel assigned to look after Samatarou. She's born the same day, same year as Samatarou and have been close friends ever since. Life seems normal but things start to change with the appearance of a transfer student named Kumiko. Samatarou falls in love with her and from now on, things will be a lot more different for him. His decision of making her fall in love with him without using his powers will put him in trouble.Vampires—supernatural beings that feed on the life essence of the unsuspecting at night—have been around for centuries. However, high schooler Karin Maaka is unusual, even among her own kind. Unlike her vampire family, ever since she was a child, Karin has suffered from polycythemia: a rare disorder which causes her to periodically produce excessive amounts of blood. And the more blood she produces, the more anemic and lightheaded she gets, ultimately leading to frequent nosebleeds.Her only solution? Force her excess blood onto random strangers, which surprisingly causes these "victims" to become livelier and happier than before. With her siblings—Anju, her reserved yet affectionate younger sister, and Ren, her womanizing elder brother—helping her abilities remain a secret by altering the affected humans' memories, no one is the wiser. That is, until Karin's newly transferred classmate, Kenta Usui, finds her behavior suspicious. And to make matters even more complicated, Karin feels her blood reacting unusually to Kenta's presence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story begins in a small town, Pennsylvania in 1838. Jeanie MacDowell is a cheerful and beautiful girl with light brown hair. Jeanie enjoys playing the piano and loves taking piano lessons from her mother.Steven, a good harmonica player, and Bill, a black boy who is very good at playing the banjo, are great friends of Jeanie's. They enjoy playing music together like a small band.However, Jeanie's happy life changes dramatically after her mother suddenly passes away.Experiencing many difficulties and learning the importance of life, she decides to devote her life to helping many people suffering from illness.This series is a highly emotional love story about the relationship between young Stephen Foster, who later becomes a famous composer and author of children's songs, and young Jeanie MacDowell, who becomes Stephen Foster's wife.Based On a Visual Novel developed by Minato Soft.Due to family troubles, Ren Uesugi and his sister, Mihato, leave their home. They end up moving to the city but find themselves with a lack of money. Somehow they are able to find work in the form of the Kuonji family's mansion, being employed as servants to the three sisters of the Kuonji family: Shinra, Miyu, and Yume. Being a servant also associates Ren with the mansion's additional servants and the Kuonji sisters' friends.(Source: Wikipedia)Invited for a anniversary celebration, Kindaichi, Miyuki and inspector Kenmochi re-visit the Opera House. There they discover that a play of "The Phantom of the Opera" is being rehearsed again. However, it doesn't take long when members of the acting troupe are killed by the "Phantom". Kindaichi will once again have to solve a murder series in the Opera House. (Source: ANN)Shou and his friend, Tetsurou, stumble upon a strange orb-like mechanism, the Guyver Unit, in the woods. It physically bonds with Shou and turns him into the alien soldier, Guyver. His mission is to protect the Guyver Unit from the Japanese corporation known as Chronos. They are after it and two other units just like it. To retrieve the object, they send out vicious monsters known as Zoanoids. So no one is safe in Shou's life; not even himself.Years after the Fourth Holy Grail War, Waver Velvet becomes the head of the Modern Magecraft Theories department at the Clock Tower, succeeding the title of Lord El-Melloi II. Waver and his apprentice Gray set out to find the truth behind a mysterious shadow that stalks them, while trouble brews among the mages of the Association.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a fantasy version of Europe, a war between enemy countries is brewing. One of these countries, Zhcted, has its seven regions ruled by War Maidens, known as Vanadis. Equipped with powerful dragon-carved weapons, Eleonora "Elen" Viltaria, one of the Vanadis, launches an invasion against their neighboring rival country of Brune. Eventually, Tigrevurmud "Tigre" Vorn, a young archer and an earl for Brune's region of Alsace, has his entire army decimated at Elen's hands. In a strange twist of events, Elen spares Tigre, and gives him the order, "Become mine!" What could be the meaning behind this new alliance?Adapted from the light novel written by Tsukasa Kawaguchi, Madan no Ou to Vanadis is an epic adventure filled with complex war tactics and beautiful women. Trapped in a multinational conflict, Tigre and Elen are swept up in a war filled with dark secrets, conspiracies, and corruption.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sally, the kind but mischievous princess of the Land of Magic, has developed an interest in the human world. Wanting to experience it for herself, she runs away and meets two girls her age—Yoshiko "Yocchan" Hanamura and Sumire Kasugano—at a department store. They quickly become friends and spend time at Sally's mansion, which she conjured with magic.The two girls realize they forgot something at the store, and despite it having closed for the night, they leave to fetch the item. Sally and her younger brother Cub, who had been sent by their parents to retrieve her, follow them and discover that they have been captured by a pair of thieves who were attempting to rob the store. Utilizing their magic, Sally and Cub drive the thieves away and rescue the girls, who remain unaware of Sally's powers.Attached to her new friends and the fun of the human world, Sally decides to stay, taking up the surname Yumeno and attending school with Yocchan and Sumire. Cub chooses to live with her and together they make a variety of new friends and go on various adventures, all the while spicing up their lives with magic.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During a physical exam, Miia, Centorea, and Mero discover that they have gained too much weight due to Kimihito Kurusu's delicious cooking. To remedy this, Polt offers them first use of her new pool and gym facility before its grand opening. However, it's not all fun and games, as the three girls' competitive spirits start to flare up!Meanwhile, when Rachnera Arachnera receives a letter from her previous host family, she finds out that they would like to meet with her and apologize for the events that caused her transfer. But, as it turns out, not only do they want to apologize, they want her back as well! When the family's daughter, Ren Kunanzuki, shows up at the front door, the gang must convince her to let Rachnera stay at Kimihito's house. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Miki Onimaru is a poster girl that works at her mother's Chinese ramen restaurant. She appears to be a normal girl, but she can become very violent if provoked. She picks a fight with her mother and accquaintances as a result on an almost daily basis, causing a series of troubling mishaps in their otherwise normal lives. (Source: ANN)Rescued from nearly drowning in a river, a young Chidori yearns to pay back her savior's kindness. Though her cute and innocent appearance might not show it, she is actually a highly skilled ninja, so years later, Chidori and her friend Sukezou come to serve under the man who saved her—the ambitious warlord, Nobunaga Oda.As Nobunaga fights off invading forces and sets his sights upon neighboring lands, Chidori is assigned vital tasks to assure victory, such as gathering information or assassinating key figures. Between taking on these important missions and dealing with the colorful cast of Nobunaga's family and servants, the young ninja is always ready to do her best to lead her master toward greatness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shintarou Tokumitsu leads an ordinary high school life while living in a studio apartment just for himself. This changes drastically one morning after he finds something strange on his balcony—an angel from Heaven. The innocent and kind girl named Towa was sent to Earth by God to learn more about humans and their way of interacting. It does not take long for her to get attached to Shintarou, who eventually allows her to live with him.However, the small apartment provides little personal space and privacy, and hiding Towa's real identity from the public proves difficult. As he learns to navigate his new life with Towa, Shintarou's encounters with other girls may only complicate the circumstances.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Long, long ago, there existed a world of magic and science. God, afraid of man's potential, split the world in to the world of science, Elde, and the world of magic, Fandavale. One day in Fandavale, a terrible witch named Cendrillon (Cinderella) revives. Cendrillon plots to rule both worlds, and searches for the "key" which holds tremendous power.A young boy from Elde by the name of Sōta meets a mysterious girl from Fandavale, Akazukin, and her talking wolf companion, Val. Sōta learns that he is the key Cendrillon is searching for. Now it is up to Akazukin, Val, and the other Fairy Musketeers to protect Sōta from Cendrillon and her Nightmarelians who wish to obtain the power he mysteriously possesses.In the far future, war has destroyed the entire Earth, leaving only a barren wasteland where the supply of water is controlled by the greedy king. In search of a long-lost lake, Sheriff Rao asked the king of the demons for help...and got the king's son, Beelzebub, and his assistant, Thief. Together the unlikely trio sets off across the desert, facing dragons, bandits and the deadliest foe of all... the King's army itself! (Source: Viz Media)Having gone from pampered to poor after the bankruptcy of her father's company, Youko Nishikawa struggles to drop her princess-like persona and make friends at her all-girls high school. One day, while eating alone in a nearby forest, she has a chance encounter with Futaba Odagiri, the super-energetic transfer student, and Teru Hayama, an innocent-looking girl with a surprisingly direct and sometimes mean personality. Despite their differing personalities, the three girls who all have the kanji for "leaf" in their name begin an unlikely friendship as they try to navigate through an amusing and spontaneous adventure known as high school life.Sansha Sanyou is a cheerful, cute series revolving around three close but very different friends as they try to balance the everyday challenges that school and adolescence have to offer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shou Zama is an ordinary 18-year-old from Tokyo who finds himself summoned to the medieval fantasy world of Byston Well. Upon arrival, he is put into service under the ambitious lord Drake Luft, who seeks to greatly expand his power. Those like Shou who come from "Upper Earth" possess strong aura power and are ordered to pilot "Aura Battlers," insectoid mecha designed by a man named Shot Weapon, who also came from Upper Earth.However, Shou's alliances quickly change when he meets Marvel Frozen, a young woman who has decided to rebel against Drake's political agenda. As he realizes the lord's true intentions, the boy chooses to join the fight against Drake and team up with Neal Given, who leads the resistance movement. The resistance isn't alone—Riml, daughter of their enemy and Neal's secret love, aids their efforts, hoping to escape from her father's clutches. As Shou finds himself fighting alongside his new comrades, they put their lives on the line to prevent the villainous Drake from taking over Byston Well before it's too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shana-tan special bundled with the Shakugan no Shana Movie director's cut special collection DVD.Web-exclusive recaps of Love Live! School Idol Project originally released on Lantis' official YouTube channel. Each episode recaps each season respectively.Home to countless street acts and performances, Veludo Way attracts those interested in watching professional actors. After receiving a mysterious letter, Izumi Tachibana arrives at the venue where her father directed a once-popular theater group, Mankai Company, but learns that the building is about to be repurposed due to excessive debt. At the last minute, she convinces the debt collector to give the ensemble one more chance. He is willing to accept but on three conditions: their debut show must be successfully produced by the following month, the four all-male sub-troupes must be reinstated, and the debt must be paid off within a year. To top it off, Izumi herself must become the director.With no time to lose, Izumi quickly gathers five people for the Spring Troupe: Sakuya Sakuma, an enthusiastic high school student; Masumi Usui, a boy infatuated with Izumi; Tsuzuru Minagi, an aspiring playwright; Itaru Chigasaki, a mature office worker; and Citron, a friendly foreigner. Though they have little or no experience in acting, it's up to Izumi to train and prepare them for a performance that will restore Mankai Company to its former glory.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaoru Hanabishi, a college student who lives alone, met a beautiful but bewildered girl dressed in a kimono at a train station. He volunteered to guide her way to the address she was looking for, which happened to be in his neighborhood, but turned out to be an empty lot. Not knowing what to do next, Kaoru invited the devastated girl to his apartment and asked for any additional clues to her destination. She supplied him with a photo of two children whom Kaoru immediately identified as himself and Aoi Sakuraba, his childhood friend. It turned out that the girl in front of him is Aoi Sakuraba herself, his betrothed fiancee who came all the way to Tokyo to marry him. Her revelation was not only surprising but also reminded the deepest part of Kaoru's memory for why he left the Hanabishi family in the first place.Raki Kiseki is a second-year middle school student who transfers to Star Harmony Academy to become an idol. However, when she uses an Aikatsu Pass she received from her big sister (an Aikatsu engineer), something mysterious happens. Lots of doors appeared before her, and when she opens them, she meets Aikatsu idols she never knew before, such as Yume Nijino (Aikatsu Stars!). Raki vows to design her own premium dress and perform in it on stage. (Source: Anime News Network)After going out for late-night drinks, Yan Yuechu and his colleague Hu Zhi find refuge from the rain in a rather unusual place: the building harboring Xu Aiyou's escape game, XY. Despite the game's infamy and its mysterious owner, the duo decides to give it a try. With one hour to solve riddles and find their way out of a maze of eerie rooms, Yan Yuechu and Hu Zhi manage to clear the game in time. However, glimpses of what appears to be Xu Aiyou's troubled past scattered throughout the game leave a deep impression on the men—an impression so lasting that vivid scenes from new escape games creep into their dreams.The following day, Yan Yuechu receives a letter advising him to stay away from escape games. Although he does not receive conclusive answers from Xu Aiyou, he dreams once more that he must solve a puzzle to escape from his own bedroom. But was it truly a dream? Unsure where reality ends and illusions begin, Yan Yuechu will have to uncover the truth behind XY if he wishes to preserve his sanity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Every child deserves to have a fun and carefree childhood. Unfortunately, life is not always fair, as is the case with Mary Lennox. At a very young age, Mary loses her parents to a disease, leaving her traumatized and orphaned. From India, she is brought to England with her uncle who has taken on the role of her new guardian.Although she is sad to have lost her parents, Mary is happy and grateful to have someone to take care of her. She gets to eat everyday and live in a big mansion, things that she understands should not be taken for granted. However, her uncle is a very quiet person, hardly ever speaking to anyone. This solitude causes Mary to oftentimes get bored to tears, forcing her to relive horrible memories of her past.As she enjoys a stroll outside one day, she discovers a secret garden near her home. Along with her new friends, Dicon and Martha, as well as her disabled cousin, Collin, Mary embarks on a journey that is sure to brighten her dull life to the uttermost extreme!Special Picture Drama episode included on the Anohana Fes. Memorial DVD/Blu-ray BoxUnited States Special Agent Leon S. Kennedy sneaks into a small Eastern European country to verify rumors that Bio Organic Weapons (B.O.W.s) are being used in war. Right after his infiltration, the U.S. government orders him to leave immediately. Determined to uncover the truth, Leon ignores the order and enters the battlefield to end the chain of tragedies caused by the B.O.W.s.(Source: IMDB)Bundled with the tenth limited-edition volume of Blood Lad manga.Di Gi Charat (a.k.a. Dejiko) - along with Petit Charat (a.k.a. Puchiko) and Gema - travels to Earth as part of her training to become a full-fledged princess. They crash on a small town in Japan, where they meet the Omocha brothers (who spend most of their time thinking how cute Puchiko is) and Mr. & Mrs. Ankoro (an elderly couple that makes Japanese sweets).(Source: ANN)Join the new legend of Guruguru, where Nike, the reluctant hero, and Kukuri, the innocent heroine, return to save the world. The magical adventure that unfolds, with its unique monsters and eccentric characters, is sure to draw you into this curious and exciting realm.To save the world from evil King Giri, Kukuri must locate the monsters in each territory and win them, one by one, over to her side. Meanwhile Nike's task is to be recognized by the Four Kings of Nature and collect their swords. These swords are known as the "Sword of Wind," the "Sword of Water," the "Sword of Earth" and the "Sword of Fire."Can Nike and Kukuri truly become hero and heroine? Follow their journey and find out!(Source: AniDB)Nobita finds an stray dog and brings him home, little does he knows that the dog is actually a prince in his homeland, a world appart deep in the african "Smokers Forest" were the dogs evolved and have their own empire, so he and his friends take on a journey to take back the young prince to his homeland but when they get there things have changed...(Source: ANN)Nobita is trying to prove that the Monkey King exists so they went back to the time Sanzo began his pilgrimage. Doraemon used a virtual video game console and let Nobita play "Journey to The West" to give Nobita clothes that the Monkey King wears. Nobita messed up on prooving Monkey king exists. When Nobita and his friends played "Journey to The West" and they finished the game without fighting any demons. Later, they found out thier world is ruled by demons. The problem is that Doraemon left the game console open in the past without closing it and demons started to appear to invade the world. Doraemon and the others now have to go back into the past to vanquish the demons.(Source: ANN)Mr. Money is holding another Tenka'ichi Budokai and Mr. Satan invites everyone in the world to join in. Little does he know that Bojack, an ancient villain who has escaped his prison, is competing. Since Goku is currently dead, it is up to Gohan, Vegeta, and Trunks to defeat Bojack and his henchman.Specials from Galaxy Angel 3 DVDs.As civilization advances, people are beginning to lose the consideration and kindliness for Nature. This has incurred the wrath of the ghosts who are becoming increasingly unhappy with the selfishness of the human kind. However, there is a conflict of interests within the ghosts in which one extreme opposes the humans completely while another extreme desires the co-existence of humans and ghosts. Kitaro and his family belongs to the latter category and yearns to seek mutual understanding between the humans and ghosts. Kitaro's fight for love and hope continues.(Source: ANN)Summary of the first season of Hakuouki Shinsengumi Kitan. Aired the week before the second season began. 2 eps. Tokuten that were released in a Tokuten Disc for those who purchased all 6 volumes of Hakuouki Reimeiroku OVAs.Including:1. Natsu no Wazurai (夏のわずらい)2. Shinpachi Nagakura Saikyou Densetsu (永倉新八最強伝説)In deep space, four astronauts discover that their colleague Makimura has mysteriously died shortly following a cryptic note about his imminent murder. Though horrified by the news, the inoperable state of their spaceship leaves the crew no time to grieve, and they evacuate via escape pods. Determined to identify the culprit, the survivors begin to suspect fellow crewmate Kizaki, on account of a rivalry between himself and Makimura regarding the only female team member, Nana Ichinomiya. However, to their bewilderment, they notice Makimura's pod following them, yet failing to respond to attempts at contact.As the astronauts try to interpret their perplexing circumstances, they learn there are more inconceivable stories about their lost teammate, one involving the Phoenix, a mysterious bird said to have the ability to grant immortality. It is not until they crash into a seemingly deserted planet that the crew will finally uncover the sinister truth behind Makimura and his suspicious pod.Set in a distant future, Hi no Tori: Uchuu-hen illustrates the cruelty of human beings passionately in pursuit of their own desires without any regard to the consequences.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eight-year-old Pride Royal Ivy suddenly recalls her former life as a fan of the otome game Our Ray of Light. While on her way to replay it, she tragically died, reincarnating as the game's final boss and firstborn princess of Freesia. Her knowledge of the game's events leads everyone to believe she has the power of precognition. But unlike the game's original princess, this new Pride does not wish to torment those around her, such as her younger sister and adopted brother.Haunted by nightmares of her other self's atrocities, Pride resolves to protect her family and country while progressing the story. As the world around her changes, she prepares for the day she will have to die at the hands of the game's main characters. Nevertheless, before that happens, Pride will either transform her kingdom for the better or fall under the weight of her possible crimes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the wastelands following the great nuclear war, a legend grew of a man.  “Hokuto No Ken.”  The Fist of the North Star.  Master of a legendary fighting technique.  A man of impossible strength and endurance.  Yet before Ken claimed the title of the Fist, there was another master, trained in the art of Hokuto Shinken, the King of the Fist, the Divine Fist of Heaven.  Raoh: the ultimate assassin, the ultimate warrior.  This is the story of the world before Fist of the North Star, and how one man took the future of a savage world into his deadly hands and reshaped its destiny.  Not as a hero but as a conqueror.  For in the mind of the man called Raoh, the only way to save Mankind is to grind it under his giant heel!  The greatest battle is about to begin in Legends of the Dark King ~ Fist of the North Star! (Source: Sentai Filmworks)Shouzou and Ine Saitou have been happily married for as long as they can remember. Even in their old age with wrinkles and cracking limbs, the strength of this love is evident by their precious bond. And then, randomly one day, they wake up to find they are young again!Despite their newfound youthful and attractive bodies, Shouzou and Ine remain the same as ever. Jiisan Baasan Wakagaeru follows the young old couple as they go about their daily lives, spend time with family, and defy the expectations of the youngsters.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Somewhere in the school at noon, one might hear the sound of two girls playing table tennis together as they wait for time to pass by.As if by fate, two students—Sakura Adachi and Hougetsu Shimamura—stumble upon each other on the second floor of the school gymnasium. As they gradually foster a budding friendship, their feelings for one another only become more ambiguous. Growing closer by the day, the two must learn to navigate their contrasting personalities as well as determine the depth of their affection for each other.The nature of this relationship gradually shifts when one of them starts to develop feelings beyond the boundaries of a platonic relationship. Even so, Adachi and Shimamura must realize if forming a bond stronger than friendship will bring them closer or tear them apart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sana is not an ordinary little girl; she possesses a special ability known as "Alice's Dream." Due to her power, which allows her to create anything from her imagination, all that she knows is the laboratory where she is a test subject. Wishing to experience the outside world, she escapes and meets a stubborn old florist named Zouroku Kashimura in a convenience store. All too soon, her pursuers catch up and Zouroku is roped into Sana's troubles.However, far from trying to distance himself, Zouroku extends a hand to help Sana. Following his values and sense of justice, he even gives the pursuers a piece of his mind! Zouroku then offers Sana a place to stay, beginning the daily life and struggles of the unlikely duo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the 19th and 20th volumes of the Ao no Exorcist manga.The first episode is based on the second chapter of the second Ao no Exorcist novel Home Sweet Home.The second episode is based on the title chapter from the Ao no Exorcist: Spy Game novel.Shy and soft-spoken Fumi Manjoume and upfront and caring Akira Okudaira were best friends in elementary school, but this changed when Fumi and her family moved away. Years later, Fumi moves back to her hometown after being accepted at Matsuoka Girls’ High School. She finally reunites with Akira, who is going to attend Fujigatani Girls’ Academy. Despite their reunion, their relationship isn't the same as it was years ago.As soon as Fumi starts attending school, popular senior Yasuko Sugimoto takes notice of her and flatters her more than any other underclassmen. After running to Akira for help so many times before, Fumi must figure out who she is as a person instead of standing in someone else’s shadow.  However, that doesn’t stop Akira from wanting her friendship with Fumi to be as it once was. Will the girls be able to conquer the high school stage of growing up before it pulls them apart?[Written by MAL Rewrite]At the Ministry of Science, fervent Professor Ochanomizu alongside his coworkers strive to reactivate Atom—the first robot with a human heart. Atom is the masterpiece of enigmatic Professor Umatarou Tenma, who built the android to replace his deceased son Tobio. However, while Tenma inexplicably shut down his brainchild and disappeared, Ochanomizu refuses to let such a major breakthrough in science go to waste.Despite having the appearance of a nine-year-old, Atom not only possesses incredible strength and intelligence, but he is also endowed with a remarkable conscience and compassion that rivals humans. Sadly, the mechanical boy soon faces rejection and learns that not everyone is as welcoming as Ochanomizu. Although automatons have integrated into society, they are accepted only as tools and even seen as an upcoming threat to mankind's dominion.Dreaming of a world where people and robots can prosper together, Atom dedicates his existence to protecting the lives of both and inspiring them to form genuine bonds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode included with the 7th Blu-ray volume of BanG Dream!.Mayumi Doujima promises her parents that she will give up on her dreams of becoming an astronaut on her 14th birthday if she cannot find a star she once saw long ago.  Overhearing her troubles, the eccentric Manabu Soutouin offers to help her search for the star alongside the rest of Yubiwa Academy's mysterious Pretty Boy Detective Club, whose rules are as follows: "Be pretty, be a boy, and be a detective!"However, Mayumi is unique—she can see many things that ordinary people cannot. Her eyesight allows her to see the tiniest of details, from people approaching her at a distance to hidden traps that would otherwise go undetected. When the search for the lost star begins to sour, the Pretty Boy Detective Club end up entangled in something far beyond what they ever imagined. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Black Bloods and Red Bloods, vampires and humans. Despite their differences, these two races once fought together in a crusade against a formidable foe. A decade later, the vampire war hero Jirou Mochizuki, known as the "Silver Blade," travels with his younger brother Kotarou to the Special Zone—a safe haven where vampires and humans live in harmony.However, their journey is suddenly faced with danger when a conflict erupts between vampire migrants and human forces from the Special Zone. With the rise of a developing conspiracy from an old enemy, Jirou will need the help of his new ally, Mimiko "Compromiser" Katsuragi, as well as the power of his ancient bloodline to protect what he treasures the most.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On her first day of junior high school, Mato Kuroi meets Yomi Takanashi. Though Yomi is initially taken aback by Mato's straightforward personality, the pair quickly becomes friends and begin to spend time together daily. As a sign of their friendship, Mato gives Yomi a cell phone charm—a blue star, identical to her own.However, when the two enter their second year, their relationship starts to change. Placed in a different class, Mato begins to spend more time with Yuu Koutari instead, a girl she met through the basketball team. In fact, the former best friends drift apart so much so that Mato cannot find Yomi anywhere, as if she had disappeared entirely.Elsewhere, Black★Rock Shooter is on a quest to vanquish the Dead Master. These two, while opposed, bear a connection not unlike Mato and Yomi. As their stories begin to cross, it seems Yomi's disappearance may have to do with the blue star-shaped charm and the legendary gunslinger herself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This Cobra adaptation features short arcs of Cobra saving the world, his friends or himself.A member of the Time Patrol finds out that there is a disturbance in Japan, 1570. While heading to that particular time and location to investigate, she is attacked and ends up stuck underground the Nohara residence at the end of the 20th century Japan. Having limited resources at hand, she is forced to ask for the help of the Nohara family. Together they go back in time and meet with a samurai named Fubuki-maru who believes that they are the legendary three persons and dog whom someone from her family would eventually meet in a crucial moment. The lonely samurai asks for their assistance in defeating the man that possesses strange magical powers, the sinister Unkokusai lord.(Source: ANN)Long ago, the blacksmith Adin forged a belt of seven powerful gems, one from each of the seven tribes of Deltora. Wielding the belt's unparalleled power, he repelled the Shadow Lord's attempt to overthrow the kingdom. Adin was crowned king of Deltora, but he never forgot that the enemy remained unbeaten. Centuries later, memory of the Shadow Lord has become faded and almost forgotten, and the people of Deltora see their monarchy as detached and uncaring. Much to their dismay, the Shadow Lord strikes once more, breaking the Belt of Deltora by scattering the seven gems across the continent. Jarred, a close friend of the young king Endon, assists him and his wife in escaping from the castle as the Shadow Lord takes over, and they part ways to go into hiding.The Shadow Lord now reigns over Deltora and many years pass under his tyrannical rule. However, there is a glimmer of hope in Jarred's son Lief, whom he has lovingly raised and trained to find the scattered gemstones and reassemble the Belt of Deltora. Along with his companions Barda and Jasmine, Lief must face devious enemies and dangerous beasts to oust the Shadow Lord and return peace to Deltora.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mankind has traveled to the stars and come across various alien civilizations, now long dead. Upon discovering the archaeological remains of such a civilization on the planet Solo, humanity finally has its first encounter with a living alien species: the Buff Clan. When Karala Ajiba, the daughter of the Buff Clan's military leader, sets foot on the surface of Solo, the Buff Clan launches a brutal assault on the colony to retrieve her.In order to escape, Cosmo Yuki, Kasha Imhof, and Bes Jordan climb aboard three trucks, which soon transform into the giant humanoid robot Ideon. When the settlement on Solo is destroyed, the survivors board a recently discovered spaceship—the Solo Ship—and flee, endeavoring to get away from the aliens and finally find peace. The relentless Buff Clan, however, is still in hot pursuit and will not give up so easily.[Written by MAL Rewrite] Years after a young boy in America loses one of his Digimon friends, an evil viral Digimon successfully kidnaps the original Chosen Children. Their younger friends must race against time with their Digimon partners to discover the source of this new menace, and perhaps solve a years-old mystery.(Source: ANN)Returning to the Digital World, Taiki and Shoutmon learn that the Bagra Army has taken it over and reformatted the world to have Seven Kingdoms, each ruled by a general. (Source: AniDB)Papi, the tiny president of a faraway planet, escapes to Earth to avoid being captured by the military forces that took over. Despite being welcomed by Doraemon, Nobita and their friends, the little alien notices that his enemies have also reached this world and doesn't want to get his human friends involved in this war. Doraemon, Nobita, Gian, Suneo, and Shizuka start a big adventure as they try to hide and protect Papi.(Source: ANN)Dorohedoro: Ma no Omake further explores the world of sorcerers and the Hole, honing in on what the characters do in their spare time when they are not seeking out their enemies. Kamen KakusaFujita attends a mask conjuring ritual in hopes of a Devil bestowing him with an appropriate mask, like the ones his colleagues Noi and Shin possess. Hopefully his offering entices the mask-maker! Tenpo For YouNikaidou, lacking money and forced to sell gyoza on the streets of the Hole, stumbles upon a quaint shop selling tea and sweets. Its owner is the gentle and hospitable Syueron, but it seems the denizens of the Hole bear a grudge against him.Shitappa Seishun GraffitiIntrigued by the photographs hanging around the mansion, Ebisu approaches En hoping for a portrait of her own. However, she is disappointed to find that only members of the En Family can have their pictures taken. Anata no Shiranai Gyoza no KaiThe Gyoza Fairy keeps the Hungry Bug in pristine condition, but his primary responsibility is ensuring the gyoza tastes good. So he becomes rather agitated when Nikaidou's customers do not properly enjoy their meals.Odoru Ma no UtageEn is enthusiastic about his masquerade ball and is adamant on his family's participation. Per tradition, attendees must choose a partner and dance to appease the Devils. To their horror, they discover that failing to do so may incur nasty consequences!Yokaze ni Fukarete Ooba KinenbiNikaidou gives detailed instructions on preparing oba gyoza and Kaiman is eager to help![Written by MAL Rewrite]After the three-pronged conflict between tyrannical electric company Shinra, rebel group Avalanche, and the maniacal Sephiroth, the damaged planet slowly heals its wounds. A rural town dubbed Edge sprouts up on the outskirts of Midgar's ruins. Reeve Tuesti, former Head of Urban Development at Shinra, interviews a young boy named Denzel for potential membership in Reeve's World Regenesis Organization, a group devoted to the restoration and protection of the planet.Denzel recounts his tragic history to Reeve, detailing how the aftermath of the heroic Avalanche's actions laid waste to Midgar and took the lives of everyone the boy knew. Through reminiscing to Reeve, Denzel discovers a newfound purpose.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A one-hour Noitamina special that recaptures the first 11 episodes of Guilty Crown. Adaptation of the short story written by Manta Aisora for the first issue of GA Bunko magazine."See the world"With these words, Rahzel, the daughter of a rich family, is kicked out of her house and sent on her journey. Along the way she meets up with Heat and Alzeid, two men with very different personalities but very similar journeys. Rahzel is a clever, stubborn, and confident girl, who, with the powers of her magic and mind helps the people she runs into on her journey to discover the world. People are not always who they appear to be, as is the case with Umaru Doma, the perfect high school girl—that is, until she gets home! Once the front door closes, the real fun begins. When she dons her hamster hoodie, she transforms from a refined, over-achieving student into a lazy, junk food-eating otaku, leaving all the housework to her responsible older brother Taihei. Whether she's hanging out with her friends Nana Ebina and Kirie Motoba, or competing with her self-proclaimed "rival" Sylphinford Tachibana, Umaru knows how to kick back and have some fun!Himouto! Umaru-chan is a cute story that follows the daily adventures of Umaru and Taihei, as they take care of—and put up with—each other the best they can, as well as the unbreakable bonds between friends and siblings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second part of the new Hokuto no Ken pentalogy. The story of this OVA centers around Yuria.(Source: Wikipedia)It is the year 2046, Noboru Terao and Mikako Nagamine are close friends who will soon be graduating junior high school. But after an alien attack on humanity, Mikako is selected for the UN military space expedition set to retaliate against the aliens. Separated, Noboru and Mikako attempt to keep in touch by sending emails to each other with their cell phones. Yet as the expedition journeys farther from Earth, the time it takes for them to transmit and receive each other's messages increases substantially.Hoshi no Koe revolves around the relationship between this couple as they try to stay connected despite the growing distance between them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]There is always more to the world than meets the eye. This is the motto that twin brothers Sun Xiaotu and Sun Xiaohu follow in their lives as paranormal investigators, where what may be terrifying to some is just another day at work. Normally, it is simple for them to separate their daily lives from their job, but when they go to investigate a seemingly typical haunting of a pair of twins, a series of bizarre events throw their perception of the supernatural world into question as they become a target of the hauntings themselves.The further the brothers search for answers to the paranormal mysteries thrown at them, the hazier the lines between truth and fiction become. Through the challenging and sometimes dangerous adventures ahead, one question remains: what kind of secrets are the ghosts trying to hide from them, and are they already more connected to the spirits than they originally thought?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Presenting all-new, creative takes on the galaxy far, far away, Star Wars: Visions will be a series of animated short films celebrating Star Wars through the lens of the world's best anime creators. The anthology collection will bring nine fantastic visions from several of the leading Japanese anime studios, offering a fresh and diverse cultural perspective to Star Wars.(Source: Disney+)For the 73rd class of cadets of the Defense University of the small planet Kibi, a shakedown cruise on the fleet's new starship "Amaterasu" is a fitting lead-up to graduation. As they are returning to their home planet, however, they are shocked to hear news of a declaration of war by the aggressive Kingdom against Kibi. When their planetary government surrenders without a struggle, the cadets decide to launch their own war, aboard the "Amaterasu". To gain funding, they make a deal with a galactic news network - and find themselves the "stars" of their own "reality show". Unfortunately, this is the kind of reality show that can get you killed... (Source: ANN)After passing away, a Japanese office worker finds himself reincarnated in another world as Ars, the newborn son of the noble Louvent family. The Summerforth Empire, where the Louvents rule over a small territory of a few thousand people, is a medieval-like land plagued by social inequality and political instability. As Ars grows older and learns more and more about his new environment, he becomes convinced that war will soon erupt.Fortunately, though Ars was not blessed with unrivaled strength or extraordinary magical aptitude, he does possess Appraisal: a seemingly unique skill that allows him to instantly grasp someone's current abilities and latent talents merely by looking at them. In an effort to prepare his domain for the imminent strife, Ars resolves to enlist the most exceptional people he can find, paying no attention to superficial qualities like race or social status.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Transfer student, Aoba Shunsuke, arrived at Sunshine School only to find the premises empty. He was secretly gleeful to be the first to reach the school, oblivious to the fact that it was Foundation Day and a rest day for the institution. At that moment, a big-sized "L"(Eru) beauty by the name of Natsumi appeared before him and the two of them hit off together even though Shunsuke was so much smaller than her. Shunsuke's mother runs a women's apparel busines but the shop is in need of manpower. Shunsuke offers to help out at the shop but fumbles a lot because he does not know how to interact with the ladies. Eru decides to step in and help out around the shop and this pleases Shunsuke's mother. This is a romance story that shares the joys and woes of the "SL" combi between Shunsuke and Eru.(Source: ANN)Ichigo Momomiya expected her date with her crush, Masaya Aoyama, to have a more romantic ending than her falling asleep after she sees a vision of a cat entering her body. Things get even stranger when, the next day, she begins displaying cat-like behaviors such as an intense craving for fish. When Masaya is attacked by a monster, she discovers that she is able to transform into the cat-eared magical girl, Mew Ichigo.After she saves Masaya, two researchers named Ryou Shirogane and Keiichiro Akasaka approach her and reveal they had injected her with Iriomote Cat DNA in order to create a magical girl that can save the world from aliens. Ichigo is tasked with fighting these monsters, but saving the world proves to be just too much for Ichigo to handle by herself. Fortunately, she learns that there are four other girls just like her, and now, Ichigo must find them quickly before the aliens completely take over the planet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Long before modern times, sweets-loving Princess Chizuru Ooshima painstakingly studies to pass her English proficiency exam. To keep Her Highness focused, Lord Shogun bans all sweets in the town of Edo. Meanwhile, tensions arise between two powerful factions: the Mizutani group, led by the respected Shizuku "Ane-san" Mizutani; and the Yoshida group, under the leadership of the capricious Haru "Harunosuke" Yoshida. Ane-san tirelessly tries to make contact with Harunosuke to deliver the news of the founding of a new temple school. But soon after she meets him by chance, romance blooms between the two. However, not everyone approves of this development—and they might stop at nothing to prevent their happiness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Rumors tell about an ageless girl who only comes out at night, living in a mansion in the middle of the forest. Some say that she is a living doll with a soul. Upon hearing these rumors, Akari Amano seeks out this girl, only to find herself lost as she treks through the woods amidst the darkness.A vampire named Sophie Twilight saves her, turning out to be the rumored girl. However, unlike the vampires told in myths, Sophie does not attack humans and instead orders her blood online. Akari instantly becomes charmed with her doll-like appearance and proceeds to abruptly move in with her, thus starting their life together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The new Toriko movie, planned for Summer 2013.A stray missile from a confrontation between the Galman empire and the Bolar Federation crashes into the sun, turning it into a time bomb of radiation. The Star Force once again sets off into space, this time on a quest to look for a new world for the human race. (Source: ANN) Outspoken Luise and shy Lotte meet at summer camp and realize they are identical twins who were separated at birth by their divorced parents. The girls become friends and decide to switch places with each other so that they can each learn about the parent they never knew, and perhaps bring together their broken family.A legend tells that a long time ago, monsters could give the ability to certain elected officials to master the five elements. But for wha, you have to go through the dangerous foggy mountains. Follows the adventures of one of these elected officials.(Source: IMDB)The moon and the earth are linked by a single contact point, "Mitsuru ga Sakichau Ouren Rakuniushi" where Tatsuya lives under the supervision of the Sphere Kingdom (Moon Kingdom)'s Princess Feena Fam Earthlight who is coming to stay at his home.(Source: ANN)Thousands of years ago, the evil emperor Talpa attempted to conquer the Earth. Defeated, he was banished to the Nether Realm and his armor was divided into 9 separate suits. Now, he has returned to conquer Earth, having reclaimed 4 of the suits. The other 5 are in the possesion of those who are the only hope of stopping him: The Ronin Warriors. (Source: ANN)Bundled with the 11th, 12th, 13th and 24th volumes of the Yuragi-sou no Yuuna-san manga. The first episode will adapt the manga's 12th chapter. The last OVA will adapt the 99th chapter of the manga, "Noroware no Kogarashi," and the 141st chapter, "Giri Giri!? Onsen Happening."Sixth grade student Hiromi Nozawa leads a troubled life. With her parents frequently absent due to work, one of her only companions is her talking dog, Junkers. Though Hiromi puts on a brave face for the public, the stark reality is that she is heavily stressed, and she shares this side of herself only with Junkers.After hearing that her parents are considering divorce, Hiromi's stress reaches an all-time high; at this time, Junkers reveals that he has the ability to make three miracles occur. Given the potential of this newfound power, Hiromi must wish carefully—as obtaining what she thinks she wants may end up hurting those she cares about most.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kaibutsu-kun and his companions, Dracula, Wolfman, and Franken, travel from Kaibutsu Land to the Human Realm, where they encounter and battle several monsters, mainly assassins from the demon group Demonish.(Source: Wikipedia)A is the retelling of the original anime's finale.Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team - Battle in Three Dimensions is a short film bundled with Mobile Suit Gundam: The 08th MS Team Blu-ray Memorial Box-set.The 08th M.S. Team travels through the jungle while on a mission, Shiro Amada checks his map and stops when he spots a long bridge up ahead that spans a wide river, when they are attacked by a group of Zeon..(Source: Gundam Wiki)Digitally remastered compilation movies for the Zeta Gundam TV series with some new footage. Part of Gundam's 25th Anniversary celebration. (Source: AniDB) A.D. 2087 - the United Lunar Empire Giganos wages war on the Earth Federation Military to take control of the planet and establish a "rebirth" of the human race. During an invasion of a colony by Giganos' forces, three civilian men stumble upon a trio of top-secret Metal Armor units called "Dragonars" and pilot them to combat the enemy forces. The wicked multi-billionaire, Shinatora, builds wretched, ugly buildings. The explosives genius calling himself Benten has targeted Shinatora's empire and begins to destroy the monstrosities that are wiping out whole sections of downtown Tokyo. In cooperation with the local police force, the FBI has sent Lisa Hoshino, a bomb disposal expert, and her robot assistant, Dandy, on a lecture tour of Japan. Ryotsu is reluctantly paired with Lisa to protect the people of the Kameari district. Why does Benten only target Shinatora's buildings? What is his next target?Another email warning arrives at the Katsushika Police Station. Benten's next target is the newly built, gigantic amusement park, Shinatora World. Lisa and Ryotsu hurry to the scene. What they find is a huge Soviet-era rocket armed with a massive bomb powerful enough to obliterate the entire area of Katsushika.What can Ryotsu do?(Source: AniDB)In an attempt to turn his floundering career around by compiling one hundred ghost stories, struggling author Momosuke Yamaoka roams through Edo-period Japan searching for material. During his travels, the young man wanders deep into the mountains, where he encounters a monk named Mataichi. Failing to heed the monk's advice to turn back, Momosuke presses forward and soon witnesses a murder carried out by Mataichi and his two associates. As it turns out, Mataichi's gang also investigates paranormal incidents—aiming to make those in the wrong pay the ultimate price.Continuing to seek out subject matter for his stories, Momosuke repeatedly crosses paths with the trio of outlaws, becoming increasingly involved in their schemes each time. As the author strays further toward the world of darkness, he grapples with both the morality of the group's actions and the line between humans and the supernatural.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Keitaro Urashima promised a girl when he was young that they would meet up again at Tokyo University in the future. Sadly, in the National Practice Exam, Keitaro ranked 27th from the bottom. Knowing his grandmother owned a hotel, Keitaro intended to stay there while continuing his studies for Tokyo U, only to find out the hotel had long been transformed into an all-girls dormitory. Through an odd twist of fate, Keitaro eventually became the manager of the dorm, beginning his life of living with five other girls.Maple Town Stories is about friendship, adventure and the troubles the children (Patty Rabbit, Bobby Bear and Fanny Fox) who are the main characters of the show, fall into. Wild Wolfe is a homeless thief who lives in the forest and usually steals from the town and does other mischief, but the kids are always there to stop him and set things right slowly making him understand the wrongs of his ways.(Source: ANN)Medabots—powerful robots granted artificial intelligence through special "medals"—serve at the whims of their owner. They are more commonly used in "Robbatling," a popular combat sport where two medabots face off against one another. In its professional form, Medafighters use their Medabots to qualify for the World Tournament and fight amongst the elite to gain the title of champion.Elementary schooler Ikki Tenryou has just gained his first Medabot: Metabee, an outdated model with no medal. Fortunately, however, Ikki manages to find a medal in the nearby river; but when Ikki places it into Metabee's head, the latter starts to exhibit strange behaviour. Short-tempered and rebellious, he refuses to obey Ikki's orders. However, to climb the ranks to the World Tournament, Ikki and Metabee must first learn to work together, no matter how difficult the prospect may seem…[Written by MAL Rewrite]Marika Katou, a third year student at Hakuho Girls' Academy, is a legitimate space pirate with a Letter of Marque. Between her studies, leading her school's space yacht club, working part time at Cafe Lamp, and being the captain of the space pirate ship Bentenmaru, Marika's days are very busy. One day, Marika gets a job to rob a high-class passenger ship, and she discovers that on the passenger list is Kanata Mugen, a boy who owns a "galaxy pass". Thus, an adventure featuring a hyperspace race between pirates and one young boy begins.(Source: ANN)In search of a mystical ingredient known as Sky Fish, Meliodas and Hawk stumble upon a spring that suddenly transports them to the Sky Temple: a breathtaking land above the clouds, inhabited by beings called Celestials. Meliodas, however, looks strikingly similar to a local criminal called Solaad, and is imprisoned and shunned as a result. Meanwhile, the kingdom of the Sky Temple prepares to defend the Great Oshiro's seal—said to harbour a three thousand-year-old evil—from the malevolent Six Knights of Black, a group of demons who seek to destroy the seal. However, the Demon Clan is successfully unleashed and terrorizes the land, prompting the remaining Seven Deadly Sins and the Celestials to fight against their wicked foes. The battle progresses well, until one of the Six Knights awakens an "Indura of Retribution," an uncontrollable beast from the Demon Realm. With its overwhelming strength and sinister power, the Seven Deadly Sins and Celestial beings must now work together to defeat the creature that threatens their very existence.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ninja Senshi Tobikage tells the story of a boy named Joe Maya. One day, Joe, who lives on Mars, witnesses a battle between aliens. Those from Planet Zaboom are attacking the princess of Planet Radorio, she has escaped from the emperor of Zaboom who is scheming to conquer the universe and has crash landed on mars. Joe stumbles aboard the princesses ship, this starts a chain reaction of events that will alter their lives. Joe and his friends wield three powerful mecha beasts against the emperor of Zaboom and his forces, but the odds are stacked heavily against them. When all hope seems to be lost a mysterious ninja robot named Tobikage appears as if from nowhere to provide assitance, able to combine with the 3 mechanical beasts provides Tobikage with unmatched power, with his aide Joe fights the forces of Zaboom... (Source: ANN)Taking place in the Sengoku Period, Rantarou, Kirimaru and Shinbei are young students at Ninjutsu Academy, a school that teaches all kinds of youth how to become ninjas. Known as "Nintamas" (a contraction of ninja + tama [egg]), the main trio, and many other students at the school, must learn all sorts of unique skills to achieve their goal. Unfortunately, things aren't that simple, since our protagonists constantly find themselves failing their classes. With strict ninja teachers such as Doi-sensei and Yamada-sensei, the mischievous girls from the Kunoichi class, an entire crew of pirates and dozens more interesting characters, anything can happen in the crazy world of Nintama.The episodes are 7 minutes and thirty seconds long each, and each season (which there's currently 29 of) usually has a range of 60-90 episodes. Informed by the Thief Brothers his ship has been stolen by the Trump Kyoudai (Trump Siblings) who have set up base on Clockwork Island. Monkey D. Luffy, Captain of the Going Merry and aspiring Pirate King works with his crew - Usopp, Zoro, Sanji and Nami to battle their way up Clockwork Island to reclaim their ship.(Source: ANN)One day, Kei Kusanagi notices a strange glowing woman by the lake. He discovers that the woman is actually an alien officer from the Galaxy Federation named Mizuho Kazami, and even more shocking—she's also his teacher! In spite of this setback, he and his teacher gradually get to know each other and a romance blossoms between them. However, soon enough, the principal of the school finds out about their relationship. The solution? Get married!Together, the newlyweds must keep their marriage a secret, not only from Kei's high school friends, but also the Galaxy Federation. Onegai☆Teacher is the fragile but comedic love story of an alien and her student.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sometime in the distant future, mankind is forced to live in domed cities while the rest of the world is left to recover from years of environmental hardships. In the Siberian Dome-polis, professional gamer Gainer Sanga and mercenary Gain Bijou commandeer an Overman and lead a mass exodus out of the city.(Source: ANN)An independent animated short-film by Hiroyasu Ishida, the animator of Fumiko no Kokuhaku. In a small, forgotten town where the rain never stops, a chance encounter between a robot and an inquisitive little girl brings back memories and a chance reunion with a girl the girl the robot has never forgotten.2061 AD. Fifty years have passed since mankind developed the Network society. It was anticipated that this new infrastructure would realize a utopia where people connected with each other at the level of consciousness. However, new social problems such as personal data leaks and proliferation of manipulated information began to surface. Nevertheless, people still relied on the Network to exchange information, and proved unable to opt to abandon it.In due course, a new Network realm with more effective security measures was developed. This was called Meta Real Network, usually abbreviated as "the Metal."The Metal accommodated personal memory data within protected virtual stand-alone organic cyber enclaves called bubble shells and eventually pervaded the everyday lives of people.However, people gradually learned to release and explode their instincts within the secure environment of the Metal. The unleashed instincts pushed each individual's consciousness to drown in the sea of information and to be exposed to the pressures of desire. Meanwhile, norms and regulations continued to bind their real world lives. Thus, strange friction between the two worlds began to manifest themselves as aberrations beyond the bounds of the imaginable.Experts who challenged the deep sea of the Metal to investigate and decipher such aberrations were called cyber divers.This is a story of a cyber diver, Masamichi Haru, who investigates the incidents that lie between Reality and the Metal.(Source: Production I.G)While going out to eat with his roommate Aka Onda, Fumihiko Matsumaru encounters Tanaka, a woman from his company's accounting department who had previously stood him up on a date. Dumped by her boyfriend just minutes before, Tanaka forces Fumihiko to drink with her, spurring Aka's jealousy.After Fumihiko escorts a drunk Tanaka home, he ends up tending to her the entire night, leading Aka to become suspicious. How will Fumihiko clear up the misunderstanding?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the year 220X, the world has advanced toward radio-wave technology, and the world is connected through the Wave Road. Meet Subaru Hoshikawa, a fifth-grade student who lost his father in a space accident. Subaru meets an extraterrestrial radio-wave being named War-Rock, descending from a distant FM planet. War-Rock claims to know about Subaru's father, but many alien beings are after War-Rock. The two work together and merge into Rockman, a radio-wave human capable of traversing the Wave Road and battling the radio-wave viruses and FMs that threaten the Earth.(Source: ANN)Right as he is about to earn a promotion, a salaryman meets an untimely demise. Taking pity, a mysterious being grants him a second life in the land of Galdardia as a teenager. Choosing the name Luciel for himself and a role as a healer, the young man sets off for the nearby town of Merratoni. There, he learns that healers are a coveted resource, yet they often take advantage of others for monetary gain. Vowing to be different from other healers, he joins the local branch of the Healers' Guild and begins unlocking his magical potential.After failing to save someone with his magic, Luciel is determined to get stronger. To improve his physical strength and hone his magic skills, he registers as an adventurer and takes rigorous training under Brod, the chief instructor of the Adventurers' Guild. Soon, Luciel gradually finds his way through Galdardia, gaining a reputation as a selfless healer who aids others regardless of expense.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yuuhi Yuugure and Yasumi Utatane, two high school voice actresses who just happened to attend the same school and coincidentally got placed into the same class, are the two hosts of a radio weekly program. As fellow classmates and voice actresses, they show all the listeners their great friendship! At least, on the surface. In reality, the quiet girl Chika and the gyaru Yumiko are complete opposites. And they absolutely cannot stand each other. Off air, chaos and insults erupt. On air, they're the best of friends. Just where will this tumultuous relationship lead them?(Source: MU)The Great Planet is dying, since its Queen is old and powerless... and the universe will perish along with it. Princess Aurora of the Moon volunteers to become the new Queen, so she must set out in a dangerous travel... along with her friends and escorts: the powerful Cyborgs Jan Kogo, Sa Jogo and Don Hakka. (Source: ANN)Fushihara-san spends most of her time stuck in front of her office computer, regularly toiling at overtime like a corporate slave, even after all her coworkers have gone home. Noticing her unhealthy situation, a ghost in the form of a little girl rumored to haunt the building takes it upon herself to scare Fushihara-san out of the office in order to relieve her stress. However, the ghost's overwhelming cuteness only does the opposite and instead motivates Fushihara-san to work even more. Even so, the presence of this adorable soul will only bring more positivity and happiness to Fushihara-san's life as the two spend more time together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Part two of the second season of Shaonian Ge Xing.A spin-off chibi anime of Kage no Jitsuryokusha ni Naritakute!.The prince of Kaibutsu Land, Kaibutsu-kun, decides to go to the human world as part of his training to become the King.(Source: ANN)Adapted from the popular storybooks of the same name by Yutaka Hara, Kaiketsu Zorori follows the adventures of a scheming fox named Zorori, who is determined to become the King of Mischief with his very own castle and beautiful bride.  Although Zorori is notorious for his pranks and tricks, his conniving plots often backfire and end up helping his targets, and despite appearing to be villainous and immoral, he is actually caring and sentimental.  Nevertheless, Zorori has the wits, intelligence, and dexterity to always find a solution out of the most hopeless of situations.  Travelling with a pair of twin boar bandits, Ishishi and Noshishi, he continues on his journey to make his deceased mother proud.The official website of the The File of Young Kindaichi Returns anime announced that a one-hour special television episode of the anime titled "The File of Inspector Akechi" (Akechi Keibu no Jikenbo) will air on December 26. The site streamed a trailer on Sunday, which previews the episode and its story. The video also reveals that Yudai Chiba will play Ryūtaro Kobayashi, a junior detective under detective Kengo Akechi.(Source: ANN)The limited first edition of the Blu-ray Disc for Kyoto Animation's film adaptation of Yoshitoki Ooima's A Silent Voice manga includes two bonus new animation videos of AIKO's theme song Koi wo Shita no wa and Kensuke Ushio's in-film track Speed of Youth.Kyoto Animation produced the videos inspired by the songs, and the film's director Naoko Yamada personally handled the videos' storyboards and technical direction.(Source: ANN)Fourth season of Ling Jian Zun.Special chapter of Ling Long: Incarnation.Zenigata arrives on the ship "Machine Gun Kelly", a casino on the water owned by the mafia, because Lupin plans on stealing the casino's money. Lupin and his gang manages to break into the ship's vault but was unable to escape with the money due to Zenigata's shooting. However, there was another purpose the ship had, one that Lupin was aware of; to search for a sunken ship filled with gold. Lupin managed to steal this data while he was on the ship, however, now they have to contend with Zenigata, the mafia, and a secret organization whose base is under Alcatraz, as they attempt to uncover the secret behind the organization and the sunken treasure.(Source: ANN)Six years ago at the magic school known as the Tower of Fang, a grave accident happened involving the magical sword Baltanders and the magic user Azalie. Unable to control the sword's power, Azalie was transformed into the shape of a great dragon who since that day became known as Bloody August. Krilancelo, a young magician at the Tower who cared greatly for Azalie found much to his disgust that the elders of the Tower of Fang were less than willing to save Azalie and wanted rather to pretend the accident never happened. Angered by their stand, Krilanceloa swore that he would find a way to return Azalie to her former self. Thus he forsook the name Krilancelo and declared himself Orphen, leaving the Tower and his magical studies behind to wander the world...(Source: ANN, edited)Yuuki Aito is a perverted manga artist who appreciates panties, wishing to draw as many as he can. Being surrounded by numerous female assistants, he is constantly asking to use them as references for the manga he draws.Although Aito has an extremely degenerate mind, he can also be a very kind, generous, and helpful person. The duality of his behavior confuses his assistants—do they love the considerate side of him that he rarely displays, or do they hate him for the perverted thoughts he has most of the time?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 1973, following the ruthless six-year-long Lunar War, the hostile alien species known as the BETA—Beings of Extra Terrestrial origin which are Adversary of the human race—invaded Earth, killing billions and decimating Eurasia. While BETA can be destroyed with conventional weapons, their laser-class is able to wipe out entire aircraft fleets, forcing mankind to develop giant combat suits called Tactical Surface Fighters (TSF) to combat them.When the BETA reach Japan in 1998, military school student and TSF pilot—or eishi—Yui Takamura is ordered to defend Kyoto's last line of defense with her fellow classmates. At the cost of countless human lives and the sacrifice of Yui's friends, the Japanese Imperial Army manages to repel the invaders, leaving destruction in its wake. However, this encounter leaves Yui determined to never again allow something like this to occur.Three years later, now a lieutenant, Yui joins the XFJ project, an Alaska-based Japan-American TSF development program. In an international team composed of the uncooperative Japanese-American test pilot Yuuya Bridges and various eishi from countries lost to the BETA, Yui's task is to help develop the new Japanese TSF Shiranui. Amidst political tensions inherited from the Cold War, Muv-Luv Alternative: Total Eclipse follows Yui's delicate mission and Yuuya's journey to overcome the demons of the past that still haunt him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Third season of the Nobunaga no Shinobi series.Many years ago, Woonan, a legendary pirate, plundered one-third of the world's gold and stashed it away on his secret island shrouded in mystery. In the present, Luffy and the rest of the Straw Hats continue on their journey to the Grand Line. They are robbed by a group of bandits. Led by their captain, El Drago, these same bandits are headed towards Woonan's famed island. Even though the Straw Hat Pirates must now recover their stolen treasure, they have gained another objective: to discover the lost island, its treasures, and learn about the legend of Woonan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Luffy and his crew take on the Villain All-Stars in a game of soccer in order to become the Dream Soccer King. The game comes down to a pk tie-breaker shoot-out with Coby as goalie and Helmeppo refereeing.(Source: ANN) Bean Bandit and his partner Rally Vincent are couriers for hire - transporting clients and delivering goods in his custom sports car "Roadbuster" for a hefty price. But when they are hired to escort a kidnapped girl named Chelsea to her home, they don't realize they're being framed for kidnapping as their former clients Semmerling and Carrie plan their escape with Chelsea's father and the ransom money. (Source: ANN)When Yukari Morita decided to look for her missing father who disappeared in the South Seas, she had no idea how far her journey would take her. Just traveling to the Solomon Islands is a long way for a high school girl to go on her own, but then Yukari runs into an astronaut from the Solomon Space Association, which has been trying to build a rocket powerful enough launch a man into space.Upon meeting the petite Yukari, however, SSA director Nasuda realizes that she's small enough to go up in a less powerful rocket the SSA has already built! So he offers her a deal: if Yukari agrees to become their astronaut, the SSA will help find her missing father! Will Yukari have the right stuff to blast off in the wildest space quest ever?  (Source: Sentai Filmworks)A comet burns in the sky, its brilliant light shining down upon the people of Earth. At that time, a giant army of viruses invade the real world, crushing everything in their path. Netto and Enzan use cross fusion to intervene, but are whisked away to an unknown location, only to be confronted by the one responsible for the attack - Duo! (Source: Official Site)14-year-old Nozomi Onda has only one thing on her mind: playing beautiful soccer. There's just one problem: no matter how much she longs to participate in official matches, she'd have physically superior boys as opponents. But when a boy from her past confronts her on the street, she decides she can't wait any longer.(Source: Kodansha Comics)No matter how hard Chu Sangwoo tries to resist it, every part of his body wants to grab onto Jang Jaeyoung and never let go. With the spontaneous Jaeyoung by his side, Sangwoo learns that breaking free from his routine and acting on impulse is not always a bad thing. Perhaps submitting to his true feelings will bring him even closer to Jaeyoung, more than he could ever imagine.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the land of Kuruda, warriors with magical powers and incredible fighting skills battle for the ultimate prize: the title of Sevaar, the strongest warrior in the land. Elle Ragu, nicknamed Shadow Skill, is the newest Sevaar to emerge, but that doesn't make her life any easier. Teaching her "little brother," Gau, how to be a warrior, fending off assassins from other kingdoms and thwarting enemy invasions is hard enough, but her biggest challenge will be paying off her drinking debts. (Source: ANN)In the world of Japanese ping pong, a mighty king has fallen. An underdog team suddenly breaks the indomitable Oudou Academy's nine year winning streak, creating a power vacuum as players everywhere are given hope that they too can reach the national tournament.Suzumegahara Middle School is home to a small-time team: Hanabi Tenka, who has a rapid attack style; Hokuto Itsumo, who can predict the ball's most likely path; Agari Kamiya, famous for her signature backhand smash; vice-captain Mune Oomune, who has an aggressive playstyle; and team captain Kiruka Ushirode, who possesses an impenetrable defense. Despite their skill at ping pong, the team has never made it further than the local city tournaments.But everything changes when transfer student Koyori Tsumujikaze arrives in town. Filled with an intense love of the game, she quickly makes a name for herself as another top player on the team. Koyori's positive attitude towards ping pong lights a fire in each of the girls' competitive hearts, and together they embark on a mission to win the national tournament.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the everyday lives of four high school girls: the flighty Run, the reckless Tooru, the timid Yuuko, and the level-headed Nagi.Mountain of PancakesKitou-sensei injures her hand during class and has to deal with it while Tooru brings cat Tansan to school with her to meet Yutaka and Miho. Later, the girls decide to get pancakes at a café where Miho happens to be working, facing trouble when Yutaka shows up out of the blue.A Picture of a WishYuuko catches a cold so the others pay her a visit and help look after her. Later, the girls get together for the New Year's shrine visit.(Source: Wikipedia)ReverberationA mysterious avatar has hijacked the Umesato Junior High Local Network, trapping students and stripping them of their clothes and belongings. After learning that other schools are facing a similar problem, Kuroyukihime gathers Haruyuki Arita and the other members of Nega Nebulus—one of the Seven Great Legions—to solve the mystery.VacationHaruyuki is due for a physical re-examination in two weeks. If he fails, he will not be allowed to participate in any more territory battles with Nega Nebulus. To ensure that their legion does not lose their "Silver Crow," Chiyuri Kurashima takes it upon herself to help Haruyuki get into shape before his examination.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the final years of the Bakumatsu, wandering mercenary Yojiro Akizuki travels the length and breadth of Japan. And while he employs his sword in the usual fashion, he also uses it to help him locate supernatural items which he pursues with single-minded determination, often with bloody results. In the course of his quest, he crosses paths with a traveling theater group whose members have their own dark agenda. Is it a chance meeting or the result of some, as yet, undiscovered conspiracy? (Source: Sentai Filmworks) After a mysterious eathquake levels Tokyo, Genom becomes a powerful influence providing their artificial organic lifeforms called Boomers to rebuild and act as a labor class to humanity. However, some of them ocasionally run amok, and even the specially created AD Police are at a loss to stop them. Lina Yamazaki travels to Tokyo for employment but also hopes to join a vigilante force called the Knight Sabers, who pilot powered suits to destroy these rogue Boomers.(Source: ANN)Chibi Maruko chan is the nickname of a sweetly obnoxious 9-year-old girl. She tricks her grandfather, ponders for hours over how to spend her allowance, and hates sitting next to ugly boys. She talks, feels and lives just as real kids do.As the second term commences, Maruko and her classmates return to their small groups. Maruko’s group includes two naughty boys and Maruko is forced to be one of their subordinates. She seems to face a lot of pressure at school.As the school’s athletic meet approaches, all the classmates are busy exercising. Maruko is no exception, although her laziness means that she is late sometimes. Maruko realizes that the two boys rival each other in everything they do, and that their friendship is deep and strong. (Source: AnimeNfo)Agerna is a planet rich in Vizorium, the one mineral necessary to space travel. So when a series of mysterious attacks on mining operations has the governments of the world pointing fingers and blaming each other, the World Welfare & Works Association naturally sends in their top agents to investigate. But are the lovely angels up to the task of stopping a mad scientist bent on taking a long dormant alien race to its final evolutionary form? Throw in a thief who's hunting a bottle of World War II-vintage wine and it's a safe bet that nobody on the planet is safe. It's more chaos, more mayhem and even more destruction than ever before as the Dirty Pair take on their wildest case yet!(Source: AniDB)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Kazuki Yotsuga is your regular average nerd in high-school, except he isn't smart. He has this website which relates to his visions that only he can see. His visions are about robots who keep fighting each other battle after battle. One day he is sent to a "parallel world" where these visions exist and he joins a company to fight back against the devious RaRa, who want to take over the world. (Source: ANN)Our story is set in another world, parallel to ours. We meet Pastel, an orphan girl, 18 years old, who lives with a group of adventurers in a small house. Pastel works as a writer and also a "mapper", charting towns, the countryside, rivers and mountains with sketches and illustrations. She is highly respected by her friends as her intelligence and honesty are extraordinary. Living in the house with Pastel, we meet Clay, a young swordsman; Trapp, the son of a bandit chieftain; Kitton, literally a working dictionary and a descendant of the Family Kittons; Knoll, a big guy a with tender heart; Whitey, a baby dragon; and Rumy, an infant sorcerer of the tribe "Elf." Together this odd group become involved in many mysterious adventures from treasure hunting, to searching for a missing person, to challenging a riddle, to many more unexpected quests.(Source: Enoki Films USA)Shortly after the fall of the Wicked King, the Queen of the Garden of Light lost her memory and came to Earth, in the form of a 12-year-old girl named Hikari Kujou. Now, she—with the help of Nagisa and Honoka, endowed with new costumes and powers—must find the 12 Heartiels, which hold the key to restoring the Queen's lost memories. For together once again, they are Pretty Cure.(Source: AniDB)In the distant future, trains are no longer bound by their physical tracks. Instead, they take to the skies and travel across the universe on the Galaxy Railways, transporting mankind from planet to planet. However, the Galaxy Railways are no safer than traditional trains: criminals, terrorists, and vile aliens always find a way to stir up trouble. Manabu Yuuki, a rash and hot-headed man, is the latest addition to the Galaxy Railways' elite Space Defence Force (SDF). These brave men and women are responsible for protecting the railways and responding to any unprecedented danger, risking their lives to protect the innocent from evil. But as this drama unfolds and the SDF's greatest crisis draws nearer, Manabu must truly learn what it means to be a member of the SDF before it is too late.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Doc Ido, a doctor and mechanic who lives and works in the hellish, postapocalyptic "Scrapyard," finds the—miraculously preserved—remains of a female cyborg in a junk heap. After he revives and rebuilds her, the preternaturally strong, amnesiac "Gally" begins to forge a life for herself in a world where every day can bring a fight for life.The 1993 Gunnm anime adapts the first two volumes of the Gunnm manga.Hotaru Hinase is a first-year high school student who treasures her family and friends above all else. Unable to understand romance, she decides she will be content living without the experience of falling in love.While Hotaru is spending time at a cafe with her close friend, she witnesses the relentless breakup of a handsome honor student, Hananoi. Encountering him sitting alone in the snow on her way home, she extends her umbrella to him in a gesture of kindness.The very next day, Hananoi appears in Hotaru's classroom, asking her to be his girlfriend. Despite being rejected, Hananoi sticks closely by Hotaru's side, performing selfless acts in hopes of pleasing her. Hotaru begins to feel emotions she had never felt before. Believing that these emotions could blossom into love, Hotaru agrees to date Hananoi.[Written by MAL Rewrite]New OVA series of Hayate no Gotoku!, which is part of the manga's 10th anniversary project.  One episode each will be bundled with volumes 41 to 43 of the manga.To save both the Magical Kingdom and the Heavens and restore the flow of akuto, the flow of energy of everything, the Magical King Munto must follow a vision and find the girl Yumemi in the normal world. Yumemi herself is just a normal girl except that she is the only one who can see the islands of the Heavens floating above. When Munto appears before her she starts thinking about hers and others responsibility to the world.(Source: ANN)Once upon a time, a race known as the Shadow Angels attacked Earth to harvest the life force of all those who inhabited the planet. Thanks to some outrageous miracle, the Shadow Angels went dormant, and humanity was able to live another 12,000 years without fearing their presence. But 11 years after a catastrophe dubbed the Holy Genesis brought ruin to the Earth, the Shadow Angels were stirred from their slumber and resumed the attacks once more.To give humanity somewhat of a chance, an organization known as DEAVA was formed, and use of a robotic weapon named Aquarion has been authorized. In order for the Aquarion to be brought to full power, three pilots must combine their hearts, bodies, and souls into one—a feat few can hope to accomplish. Thus, the search for so-called 'Element Users' was prioritised, hoping to ensure humanity's future.Sousei no Aquarion follows the story of Apollo, a near-feral young man brought up in poverty, who is believed to be a legendary hero reincarnated. After his best friend is taken by the Shadow Angels, Apollo chooses to become an Aquarion pilot. Will he be able to turn the tides of the war, and free humanity from the threat of the Shadow Angels for once and for all?Ryu and Ken Masters are close friends and both are martial artists. In order to become better fighters and learn new techniques, they travel the world and are exposed to many different fighting styles, as well as meeting new people. During their journey, they find themselves caught up in a conspiracy perpetrated by a mysterious organisation called Shadowlaw, both now face their ultimate challenge and must fight for their lives as they combat the evil M. Bison. (Source: ANN)A movie finale to Munto, a director's cut of the climactic scenes with new footage.Yuusuke was just a normal kid going to high school. Then one day, the cute and behaloed Noelle fell, quite literally, into his life, naked as a baby and every bit as innocent. Before he can even fathom what's just happened, Yuusuke is inducted into a rather odd family of otherworldly beings. Papa is a Frankenstein monster with a taste for calisthenics. Mama is a gorgeous lady with a penchant for "round objects" -- really! The eldest sister, Sara, is literally invisible; the brother, Gabriel, is a teenage vampire with an attitude problem; and the youngest sister, Ruka, loves inventing things. There's a disapproving Grandma, who's a witch to the nth degree, and her vulture familiar. All Yuusuke wanted was for the beautiful Natsumi to even notice his attention, but now he has an angel-in-training to follow him wherever he goes. And Noelle, too, has a guide on her path to being an angel, the mysterious Michael.(Source: AnimeNfo)Tsutomu, an average middle school kid busy studying for the final exams to enter high school runs into a man running from someone and gets caught up in the chase. In all the confusion he gets accidentally killed. Luckily Birdy (an interplanetary agent) knows a way to save him, unfortunately that means joining bodies to become one. So now he is stuck with this officer and along for the ride capturing criminals and saving lives.(Source: ANN)Based on the same name gag manga by Endo Koichi.A gang decides to play at burglary without the knowledge of their schoolmates, each masquerading at different times as the master thief Tonchinkan.(Source: ANN)Eighteen-year-old Dale Reki is a skilled, kind, and respected traveler, acknowledged as one of the leading adventurers in the city of Kreuz. One day while on the hunt for magical beasts, he comes across a sweet devil girl named Latina. She is alone, dressed in rags, and bears the devils' symbol of a criminal: a broken horn. Concerned for her wellbeing, Dale decides to ensure Latina's safety by bringing her to his home, eventually leading to him adopting her.Latina is sweet, innocent and compassionate, charming Dale beyond his expectations. He begins to enjoy the life of parenthood— experiencing the trials that come with raising a child and coping with the heartache he feels whenever his busy lifestyle as an adventurer parts him from her.Although work and life as a new parent become reassuring constants for Dale, the mysteries surrounding the girl remain. Why was Latina alone in the forest, and why does she harbor the symbol of a criminal? At the same time, Latina also begins to learn about the world and herself as she adjusts to her new life with Dale.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third season doesn`t have a particular story behind everything (like "Valkyrie Ghost" in the second season). It just tells 6 stories about the life of Kazuto & Co. with some additions: Raine and Chorus get a house on earth, the last three Valhalla princesses each get an episode, and in the last episode Kazuto and Valkyrie, who in the same episode managed to stay adult, >try< to marry again. (Source: ANN)Ye Chen, the outcast disciple, is banished from the sect and becomes homeless. Through a series of coincidences, he receives a True Flame and once again steps on the path of cultivation. This is a world where demons and deities co-exist and an era where all realms in the world are overrun by chaos. Ye Chen's journey to defying heaven begins, and after going through all kinds of trials and tribulations, he finally reaches the pinnacle of cultivation.(Source: Youku)A huge space monster appeared in a city and began to destroy the city. People were escaping with screaming. Among them, there were five high school students, En, Kai, Shin, Yoku, and Ryu. However, they failed to escape, and they rushed into a patrol car parked nearby. The monster was approaching to them. When they began to accept their death, the patrol car glowed blue white and disappeared into a mysterious space carrying them. When they were astonished, it was an alien that appeared in front of them. He was a Bravian who is an officer of the Space Police Organization that was responsible for the peace and order of the universe. He explained them that he was aimed at by ferocious aliens in the Space Prison Sargasso. He added that he had given them a battle machine "Dag Beagle" made by copying machines on the Earth in order to fight against Sargasso.They turned into Dagwon by the power of Bravian, and fought against space monsters. At that moment, the patrol car came in front of En. En grew into the car and turned into the Brave Robot Dag Fire, then beaten the enemy. However, the fight between the Brave Dagwon and the felonious aliens of Sargasso had just begun.Aru Hi no OshitariHyoutei Academy's Yuushi Oshitari is fed up with being the unfunny one in his daily life. He sets out to rectify this by getting himself into an idiotic situation, but his tennis club teammates do not seem to understand what he is doing.Aru Hi no Oshitari 2Even though he is supposed to be the humorous one, Kenya Oshitari is concerned that his recent "manzai" jokes have not been landing. Luckily for him, his teammate from the Shitenhouji Middle School tennis team, Hikaru Zaizen, has come to save the day by replacing him as the laughing stock in the jokes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the thirty-first century. Ulysses killed the giant Cyclops when he rescued the children and his son, Telemachus. But the ancient gods of Olympus are angry and threaten a terrible revenge: Ulysses is sentenced to travel through the universe of Olympus with a frozen crew on a quest to find the Kingdom of Hades. Only when he has found the Kingdom of Hades will his crew be free of their curse and he will be able to return to Earth and to his beloved Penelope.(Source: AniDB)Lum doesn't need much assistance going ballistic when everyone in Tomobiki gets an invitation to Ataru's wedding -- and she's not listed as the bride! It seems that some 11 years ago, Ataru played "Shadow Tag" with a young girl named Elle and won. Unfortunately, Elle was yet another Alien Princess; and on her planet, if a boy steps on a girl's shadow, they have to marry. When Elle's emissary comes to make arrangements, Lum redefines the term "the atmosphere was electric," but to no avail: a force-field now protects Ataru from her high voltage love-zaps. Lum's friend Benten suggests a pre-emptive wedding, and they proceed to abduct Ataru and all of the wedding guests, and the stage is set for the shotgun wedding of all time!(Source: AniDB)When the missing Zero Kiryuu returns to Cross Academy, Yuuki Cross is relieved to see him safe, but finds that Zero has changed in more ways than one. As a result of choices he made, Zero is plagued by visions, and he seeks to uncover the reason behind them—unaware that the answers may be much closer than he thinks.Soon Yuuki also begins to be tormented by ghastly hallucinations, and she seeks an explanation about her shrouded past from the only one who can provide clarity: Pureblood vampire Kaname Kuran, who is closest to her heart. But what will happen when the truth is finally revealed?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on the children's story by Hans Christian Andersen. Gerda and Kai have been neighbors and best friends since childhood. Gerda is eleven, Kai twelve. They were happy children who worked and played as they should. All that changed when the Snow Queen's mirror broke. The shards spread all through the world, each containing evil. If a shard went inside your eye, it would turn your heart to ice. A shard went into Kai's eye. After that, he grew cold to those he loved. One night, the Snow Queen came in her carriage and took Kai back to her ice castle at the farthest north point of the world. Everyone in Kai and Gerda's village didn't know where he went and believed he died from drowning in the frozen-over lake. Gerda doesn't believe this, for she dreamed of seeing Kai enter the carriage. When a drunk man admits that he also saw this, Gerda starts realizing that maybe what she saw wasn't a dream. She packs her things and goes on a journey to save Kai and bring him back home. (Source: Wikipedia)The third season of Zhen Hun Jie.This movie focuses on the last half of Osamu Tezuka's revered saga of a white lion's quest to become king of the jungle. Leo's newborn cub, Lune, takes an interest to humans after discovering a music box in the wreckage of an airplane. At the same time, a greedy treasure hunter known as Ham Egg is leading an expedition team of rough-looking men on a trek for the fabled Moonlight Stones, which can supposedly save the world from an energy crisis. Two other humans, (who go by the rather wacky names of Dr. Moustache and Lemonade) try to stop Ham Egg's mad destruction of the jungle. Later, a terrible virus sweeps through the jungle, poisoning many of the animals. Dr. Moustache comes to save them with a cure. The film culminates with a treacherous journey up the legendary Mt. Moon in search of the stones....(Source: ANN)Sumireko Ogawa is a busty bookstore clerk who wants to become a novelist after some writing success in her youth. When strange occurrences start cropping up around the city, she teams up with her flirtatious co-worker Ren Adashino to look into them. But Ren is hiding a secret of his own! With their combined skills of occult knowledge, what will they discover as they investigate?(Source: Seven Seas Entertainment)While in search of his precious friend, a young boy named Nai falls captive to a beautiful woman, whose looks are matched only by her taste for human flesh. Meanwhile Gareki, a clever thief, is in the midst of robbing her luxurious home. After causing a distraction, Gareki agrees to help Nai escape, but they are discovered upon the woman's return. As she transforms into a ghoulish monster, the boys flee.On the run, Nai and Gareki are found by "Circus," a government defense agency that deals with criminal activity too difficult for the police to handle and protects civilians from "varuga"—terrible monsters that devour humans for sustenance. In the hope that it will lead Nai to his missing friend, he and Gareki decide to join Circus. On their perilous journey, they face dangerous varuga and begin to uncover the secrets behind a shadowy organization known as Kafka.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Final of three remastered Zeta Gundam compilation movies.(Source: AniDB)After a decade spent fighting monsters in the Shadow Labyrinth—a growing dark cloud of magic that threatens to engulf the world and destroy all life—mage Desir Herrman and his five companions finally face their last foe: the dragon of destruction Boromir Napolitan. Although the group of heroes manages to slay this formidable opponent, the tremendous amount of mana stored within the dragon's body is released in an unstoppable explosion that annihilates the rest of the world.However, instead of dying, Desir is sent back 10 years into the past with complete memories of events to come. He enrolls at Hebrion Academy, determined to put an end to the classist prejudice plaguing the magical world that will ultimately lead to the demise of humanity. Unfortunately, his struggle begins early on during the entrance exams; although he is ranked first of his group, Desir is assigned to the Beta Class, the default class for commoners.Now, Desir's next objective is to rally someone to his cause that he could not save in his previous life: the wind mage Romantica Eru. Then, Desir will have to show his worth to the Alpha Class with his newly formed party if he wants to ultimately save as many lives as possible.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kirari Tsukishima, a gluttonous 14-year-old beauty, is a girl who does not care about idols and the entertainment world because her mind is occupied by food. Her obsession with food only causes her to be clueless about love.One day, after saving a turtle that is stranded in a tree, Kirari meets with a handsome and gentle boy named Seiji, who gives her ticket to a SHIPS (a popular idol group) concert to show his gratitude for her saving his pet. Kirari then storms off to the concert and runs into another boy, who tears up her ticket and warns her to stay away from Seiji because she and Seiji live in different worlds. The outraged Kirari then sneaks into the concert, only to discover that Seiji and the boy who tore her ticket, named Hiroto, are actually members of SHIPS.Finally understanding the meaning of "different worlds" (Seiji is a popular idol while she is an average middle school student), Kirari refuses to give up. Filled with determination to be with Seiji, she declares that she will also become an idol.(Source: Wikipedia)Pei Qian, an ordinary migrant worker, was accidentally bound to the wealth conversion system, which gave him a good opportunity to spend money in business and start his life over again. However, the system stipulates that you can only earn one yuan if you make a profit of 100 yuan, but all the money you lose can go into your own pocket. In order to lose money, Pei Qian chose the high-risk, money-burning game industry, and deliberately produced "alternative" games that went against the rules of the market. However, he unexpectedly became popular time and time again, earning a lot of money, and painfully became Pei Qian is the "business wizard" admired by everyone, but only Pei Qian understands that I really just want to lose money...(Source: Bilibili, Google translated)"I've made up my mind! I'm going to steal that ship!"All source of life originates from the Grand Lake.At this very sacred lake, the battle between the Ades Federation and the Turan Kingdom has just begun. The Ades Federation, armed with massive battleships and its sights set on conquering the world, declares war on the Turan Kingdom. With the Federation's troops encroaching on their beloved country, Turan now lies on the brink of collapse. As this is happening, the princesses of Turan look on as a small vanship named Vespa cruises above their heads."We shall now commandeer your flagship and take her from this battlefield. The choice is yours. Die here, or survive with us Sky Pirates!"The Vespa continues to weave through the barrage of bombs, while the fleets of the Federation close in on Turan.What are the motives of Luscinia, the man leading the Ades Federation into the war? And what is the secret behind "Exile"?(Source: Animax, edited)Tensions from the Selector battles have seemingly vanished, and the remaining participants have quickly put the entire ordeal behind them. However, Kiyoi Mizushima feels that the conflict has yet to end. Despite Kou Satomi's defeat, his supporters are already attempting to revive his plans in the background.It does not take long for Mizushima's suspicions to be confirmed true. Not only does the Selector battle system reemerge, but also a new mechanic has been implemented. Players receive a special key card that will unlock with gold coins, releasing a hidden power. Aware of the formidable foes that lie ahead, Mizushima begins to seek out skilled allies in her endeavor to finally break the cycle of darkness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It's another normal day in the Misato residence when Mahoro finds yet another pornographic magazine in Suguru's room. This prompts her and Minawa to make a pact with Chizuko, Rin, Miyuki and Miss Shikijo to search and confiscate all of the perverted stash in the house. Suguru, Kiyomi and Toshiya must do whatever it takes to protect their treasure from the girls. (Source: ANN)After a scooter accident provoked by a mysterious woman's vision, Angelino, a deadbeat like thousands of others in Dark Meat City, starts getting violent migraines that are accompanied by strange hallucinations. Along with his good buddy Vinz, he tries to figure out what's happening to him while threatening men in black seem determined to catch him.(Source: Annecy)Team Pao Pao Beer travel east to participate in the Japan Cup in what is very likely to be their final season together. Pepe Benengeli and teammate Jean Luigi Ciocci face an uncertain future and are also yet to come to terms with the suicide of one their heroes, Marco Rondanini. What follows is an introspective into the important things in life from the perspective of the professional cyclist.Yue and Nodoka are practicing magic, and one spell catches their eye: The Red String of Fate. Supposedly, this spell connects you with your fated partner. Nodoka decides to try it out, and ends up tied to Negi. However, this spell isn't the Red String of Fate at all, but is in fact just a red string that connects two people. A magical red string that happens to be impossible to sever. Delightful. Meanwhile, Ayaka invites the class to a free trip to her family's recently constructed spa resort. Tied together for at least a day, will Negi and Nodoka be able to make the most out of this free trip without going too far...?Second season of Nijiyon Animation.Picking up where season one left off, Juzo Inui (Gun Slave Unit Device 13) has Rosa's data. Although it seems like everyone wants it, either to expose it or to destroy it, really no one is interested in it. Wachowski, the leader of the anti-Extended terrorist organization Spitzbergen, attempts to coerce Tetsurō to use Harmony to command Juzo to destroy Gun Slave Unit Device 7, who works for Berühren. Juzo does eventually fight Seven, but -- between corruption and double-crosses -- Berühren still pulls all the strings.(Source: ANN)The charming incarnations of the seven deadly sins—brothers Lucifer, Mammon, Leviathan, Satan, Asmodeus, Beelzebub, and Belphegor—can never seem to keep out of mischief. They are demons feared across the Devildom, but, at the Royal Academy of Diavolo, one human transfer student has captured their collective hearts. Whenever the brothers miss them, they engage in ridiculous antics to keep themselves entertained, and they even drag others into their neverending shenanigans.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mii Snowdon is left on her own after her father disappears while investigating the mysterious letter-shaped Pokémon called the Unown. The only clue to her father's disappearance is a box containing several tiles. While playing with these tiles, Mii makes a wish to see her father again, and this wish awakens the Unown—who summon the lion-like, legendary Pokémon Entei to act as her father.Meanwhile, Satoshi heads to Greenfield with his faithful Pokémon companion, Pikachu, to meet with his friends, Kasumi and Takeshi. When they reach the area, they are shocked to find the place crystallized. They quickly learn that the Unown are responsible for this, and that they will need to be defeated in order to restore Greenfield to its former beauty.The situation becomes personal when Satoshi's mother is kidnapped by Entei. To discover why his mother was taken away, Satoshi, along with his friends and Pokémon, must travel the crystallized landscape to confront Entei and the Unown. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Professor Sycamore and Alexa explore some ruins, where they discover a stone statue of a woman named Aila, and a legend emerges. A collection of Kalos records reveals that Aila's true love, Jan, attempted to vanquish the Destruction Pokémon Yveltal. When he failed, the land was drained of all life as Yveltal became a cocoon and turned Aila to stone.Jan continued his quest, seeking out the Life Pokémon Xerneas to replenish the barren land—although it couldn't save Aila. When Kalos seemed hopelessly out of balance, the Order Pokémon Zygarde appeared to restore it, and Jan remained at Aila’s side as the cycle of life and destruction continued. (Source: Builbapedia)The latest game by Blessing Software needs one final push to make it over the finish line. To help with this, the team ventures out to the Japanese countryside for location scouting. Illustrator Eriri Spencer Sawamura and model Megumi Kato busy themselves with work. However, scriptwriter Utaha Kasumigaoka and music producer Michiru Hyoudou have other plans with their teammate Tomoya Aki. With the four girls all fighting for his attention, Tomoya finds himself in increasingly risqué situations.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Underworld, during the fight against Hades, the 12 Gold Saints gave up their lives to destroy the Wailing Wall and allow Seiya and his friends to keep moving forward. Aioria and the Gold Saints, who should have disappeared, come back to life in this beautiful Earth full of light. How have they resurrected if they were supposed to be dead? While the big mystery remains, Aioria gets involved in a new battle and when his Cosmo exceeds its limits... a change happens to the Leo Cloth!(Source: AniChart/AniList)The story is about a girl named Ronja who is the daughter of a chief from a tribe of bandits, she lives in a huge castle inside the forest with the bandits. The story follows Ronja as she encounters mystical creatures, making friends with another young child such as herself and experiencing what it is like to live in the forest.Based on the CyberConnect2 HIT GAME, now will be released in a CG Movie!The Movie will be placed in the storyline of each .hack//G.U. games trilogy. The story follows Haseo, a player in the online MMORPG called The World:R2 at first depicted as a PKK (Player Killer Killer) known as the "Terror of Death", a former member of the disbanded Twilight Brigade guild. Haseo encounters Azure Kite (believing him to be Tri-Edge and blaming him for what happened to Shino) but is hopelessly outmatched. Azure Kite easily defeats Haseo and Data Drains him, reducing his level from 133 to 1 and leaving him without any items, weapons, or member addresses. He is left with a mystery on his hands as to the nature of the Data Drain and why Azure Kite is in possession of such a skill.Eventually Haseo gains the "Avatar" of Skeith. Acquiring the ability to call Skeith and wield his abilities, such as Data Drain. With Skeith as his strength, Haseo begins the quest for a way to save Shino.He is seen seeking out a PK (Player Killer) known as Tri-Edge, whose victims supposedly are unable to return to The World after he PKs them. Haseo's friend, Shino, was attacked six months prior to the events of the game by Tri-Edge, and the player herself, Shino Nanao, was left in a coma.(Source: AniDB)After the Interstellar Alliance established peace among most of the planets in the universe, they created the Cosmo Academy. The academy is renowned as the most elite school in existence, with its graduates guaranteed virtually any job they desire. However, one can only become a student if they pass the entrance examinations held every three years, making the competition for admission extremely fierce.Lane Tadatos is a Terran who has managed to reach the final stage of examinations. Placed in a group of 10, he is sent to the Esperanza—a ship stranded in orbit. Their final test is to survive 53 days on the ship, without any means of communication with the outside other than an emergency forfeit button. But a serious problem emerges for the examinees when they perform a headcount. There are 11 people aboard the Esperanza, meaning that one of them is an impostor.[Written by MAL Rewrite]On the surface, high school students Naomi Katagaki and Ruri Ichigyou seem to be polar opposites. In contrast to Naomi's shy and timid personality, Ruri strikes fear in her classmates due to being rather cold and outspoken. Nevertheless, both Naomi and Ruri nourish a strong passion for reading, which gradually draws the two closer.As Naomi spends more time with Ruri, he discovers that she has a sweet side and is not as intimidating as everyone thinks. Subsequently, he develops genuine feelings for Ruri and decides to confess his love to her, which she happily reciprocates.However, their wholehearted relationship is disrupted when Ruri gets struck by lightning, causing her to enter a coma. Wanting to see her smile again, Naomi resolves to return Ruri to her everyday life—no matter how great the lengths he must stride are.[Written by MAL Rewrite]12,000 years after the events in Genesis Aquarion, humans live on the star Vega under constant threat of trans-dimensional beings called Abductors. These enemies originate from Vega’s sister star Altair and raid Vega for human life. As a countermeasure, an organization known as Neo-DEAVA formed to combat the Abductors. They pilot advanced mecha suits called Aquaria and are strictly separated by gender. Boys and girls are not allowed contact; they are even restrained from fighting on the same battlefield. However, events take a shocking turn when an advanced Abductor mecha suit joins the fray. Two teenagers, Mikono and Amata, are dragged into the conflict. Unknowingly, Amata performs a taboo when he summons an Aquaria and initializes what is called the Forbidden Union between male and female Aquaria. Neo-DEAVA is shocked, and the repercussions of Amata’s actions are much farther reaching than he realizes. How was he able to summon an Aquaria? Where did he learn to form a Forbidden Union? And why was Mikono also able to pilot the mecha suit?The discovery of a black crystalline mineral known as Originium has accelerated technological advancement in the world of Terra, with its high energy yield allowing people to demonstrate abilities akin to magic called Arts. Large veins of Originium can naturally be found at the sites of Catastrophes, various forms of natural disasters caused by the mineral itself.However, the usage of Originium comes at a price, as there is a high risk of getting infected with Oripathy—an incurable and highly contagious disease. Because nations subject the infected to harsh discrimination, the oppressed begin a dissident movement. Calling themselves Reunion, the rebel faction mercilessly destroys cities, further contributing to the already calamitous nature of Catastrophes.Rhodes Island, committed to treating the infected and uninfected as equals, is a paramilitary pharmaceutical organization believed to be the most advanced in its research for the Oripathy cure. Unfortunately, the person spearheading the project—an enigmatic figure known only as the Doctor—suffers from amnesia, effectively impeding what might be the only hope for the infected to break free from their chains of despair.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An abridged remake of the first Ashita no Joe TV series, released in 1980 to provide back-story for the second TV series to new fans who were not familiar with the first TV series or the manga.(Source: ANN)Luo Zheng, who is now a menial slave, used to be a young master of a big family. Owing to the decline of his family, his sister is imprisoned by a strong force, and he has no choice but to be at others' service. However, every cloud has a silver lining. The ancient book left by his father actually conceals a magical spell that can change a human into an instrument! What is the mysterious power behind this? This is contest with fate.(Source: Webcomics, edited)Valt Aoi, who participated in the Japanese Championship, was scouted for the prestigious Spanish team BC Sol and heads out to Spain. With their sights set on the world, Valt and his friends begin their challenge for the World League! However, in order to qualify for the World League, they must first win the European League. Will Valt be able to take BC Sol to the World League? And can he defeat the world's strongest Bladers?(Source: Beyblade Fandom Wiki)The second season of Binghuo Mochu.In the year 2021, a parasitic virus known as "Gastrea" infects humans and turns them into monsters. What is left of mankind now lives within the Monolith walls, walls that are made of Varanium, the only material that can hurt Gastrea.To counter the threat that the Gastrea pose, "Cursed Children"—female children whose bodies contain trace amounts of the virus which grant them superhuman abilities—officially called Initiators by the Tendo Civil Security, are given partners called Promoters, people who work to guide and protect the young Initiators. These teams of two are sent out on missions to fight the monsters created by the Gastrea virus and keep them at bay. Black Bullet revolves around the team of Enju Aihara, an Initiator, and Satomi Rentaro, a Promoter, as they go on missions to fight the growing threat of Gastrea in their hometown of Tokyo.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Black Cat DVD only episode.Alice Sakaguchi once dreamt that she is another person living on the moon. The dream is so strange and so real that Alice can't stop thinking about it. She finds out that some of her classmates are having the same kind of dream. They soon discover that they had been seeing flashes of their past lives as a team of scientists on the moon. Alice and her friends then decide to find the other members and piece together what took place back then. Complications arise when they realize that everything that happened in their previous existence continue to haunt and affect their present lives. (Source: ANN)A unique program which adopts the toycom games which are loved by children all over the world into animation.The story starts off by the kidnapping of Genjin Takahashi, a superstar in the world of toycom games. He is kidnapped by Kyura-the-Great, who plots evil in order to rule this game world and become the star himself. Honey Bee, living in this game world and also the girlfriend of Genjin, learns of this and sets out to save him. She goes to the actual world to seek the help of three game geniuses and brings these three toycom buddies to the game world. With their help and desperate struggles, they try to overthrow Kyura-the-Great and rescue Genjin. Can they overcome the numerous roadblocks of hidden tricks and riddles?(Source: Official Site)An action adventure film set in a imaginary southern island in the Indian Ocean. The evil secret society, "White Snake" abducted Shinnosuke and Prince Sunnokeshi of the Buri Buri Kingdom, who looks very much like Shinnosuke, in order to get the kingdom's hidden treasure in the golden palace underground. Shinnosuke's parents, Hiroshi and Misae fight with Lulu, the major of the palace guard of the kingdom, against White Snake, trying to recapture Shinnosuke and the prince. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)They fight against evil, they help those in need, they're the Cyborg fighters! Together with the scientist Dr. Gilmore, this team of nine cyborgs use their special body modifications to fight against a seemingly endless barrage of enemies, including robotic crabs, aliens, and fellow cyborgs.Each cyborg has his own special power, which they use in their fight against evil. Titular character 009 (aka Hurricane Joe, the famous race car driver) leads the team with his superhuman strength, resistance to bullets, and ability to accelerate through time. His teammates fight by his side to save humanity from falling into evil hands.The team in Cyborg 009 faces many enemies and stops countless threats to their hometown, and even to Earth. No matter what, justice will be served.Nobita had to find a topic for his summer break research homework. As he was blaming everything to Adam and Eve for sinning and causing their descendants to suffer (from homework), Doraemon decided to provide him with a gadget to observe the creation of the world so that he may write it in a diary-like report. Suneo, Giant and Shizuka eventually joined them and together they watch over the birth of tribes and civilizations. Meanwhile, the time patrol is looking for an illegal time machine whose controllers accidentally heard Giant speaking of the genesis diary project. They captured Giant and Suneo; leaving Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon to watch over the genesis set and to rescue them. (Source: ANN) Nobita wishes to be a real hero. Doraemon uses his gadget, the Burger Director to make them a real movie superhero. Aron saw the five powers and abilities and asks them to help him save his planet, the planet Pokkuru. After their journey to the planet, the gang thought it was only Burger's doing but realizing that it is not a movie and they are actually fighting bad guys.(Source: IMDb)This is a special "back-side" (ura) episode aired on GyaO simultaneously with original broadcast which features the background story from party's side instead of Jil's. (Source: AniDB) In the online game "Planet," there is a powerful team of four players. This team goes by the name "The Akabane Family," and its members are a pseudo-family that only exists in the game. Although they aren't aware of it, these four players are actually a broken family in real life.A shut-in older brother. A high-achieving younger brother. A father who is not respected by his own children. A mother who neglects her own household. They do not know the warmth of family. They also don't know that the warmth of their online family is only a passing feeling. And most of all, they don't know they are a real family.Centered on the deeds of the Akabane Family in the online game "Planet," the story features battles against monsters, clashes with other guilds, and the machinations surrounding "Black Bird," the final objective of the game. The tale takes a major turn as it entangles the real world and this real family.(Source: Netflix, edited)Recap episode. The first part of the episode consists of the recap, the second part consists of some interviews with the cast.The series follows in the footsteps of manga such as Doraemon and Obake no Q-Taro in that the alien Ganmo (who resembles a chicken wearing sneakers) sets out to help his adopted human friend Hanpeita. The series follows the antics of the duo as they find themselves in the middle of much comedic mischief.One morning Tsukune Tsukuda, out of spite, lets her brother’s pet bird go. But later she has misgivings, and comes home with an egg she has found to give to her brother, Hapeita.Hanpeita isn't all too pleased with the big, odd-looking egg. However, in the meantime it swells up, breaks its shell, and out comes a strange bird-like creature named Ganmo. It speaks like a human being, and comes to live with the Tsukudas.Not wanting to be a mere freeloader, Ganmo takes the initiative to run errands, clean the house, etc…yet he blunders at everything he does. Ganmo the tries to clear his reputation, but his efforts only ends causing more and more confusion.One day a charming girl comes moving in the house next to the Tsukudas. Her pet is a stange mina, named Deja-vu. It is foppish but has a poisonous tongue. And it always teases Ganmo because of its odd-looking.Thus, the world around Ganmo gets into a mess more and more.(Source: Wikipedia)Second season of Hanyou no Yashahime: Sengoku Otogizoushi.Sandybell is a playful girl from Scotland. She is happy even if her mum died when she was little. Past secrets begin to reveal after Sandybell gets a white lily from a rich lady. After a tragic act Sandybell moves to London where she is trying to find clues to her past.(Source: ANN)Akanemaru, a skilled sculptor, sets out to find the muse for his masterpiece, the legendary immortal bird Phoenix. However, on his journey, he encounters unexpected trouble when he runs into Gaou, a one-eyed, one-armed bandit. Despite Akanemaru's friendly demeanor, Gaou, who harbors animosity toward the world as a ruthless man, attacks and robs him.As they go their separate ways, the unfortunate incident fades into oblivion. Years later, Akanemaru is forced to accept a new assignment and abandon his dream, while Gaou is stricken with sudden misfortune—a twist of fate that will change both their lives forever. But little do they know that these new circumstances will eventually lead them to cross paths once more: this time as rivals.Set in Japan's Nara period, Hi no Tori: Houou-hen explores the fragile balance between action and consequence as it follows the lives of two men who must inevitably confront the responsibilities of their choices.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Fairytale World is in trouble. Its princesses and their respective worlds are disappearing, causing a ripple effect in the human world where their stories are popular. In order to save the Fairytale World, the Queen sends three magic animals, Sei, Dai, and Ryoku, to the human world with magic gems to find three girls who can become the "Super Miracle Idols," the princesses Snow White, Cinderella, and Kaguya-hime. Those "princesses" end up being three little girls: Yukimori Ringo, Takashiro Layla, and Sasahara Natsuki. But the gems transform them into older singing superstars, and after their accidental debut at the singer Wish's concert, they become known as "Little Princesses," or "LilPri." Now they must collect Happiness Tones from humans in order to restore the Fairytale World.Short episodes of Hime Chen! Otogi Chikku Idol Lilpri that aired as part of TV Tokyo's morning program block for children, Norinori♪Norisuta (のりのり♪のりスタ).Eriko Tamura is Kousuke Tamura, the chairman of Tamura Productions (reknown music company) and Minako Tamura's (former famous idol singer) only daughter. Having talent for singing since birth, she has always loved her parent's media world. Then one day tragedy strikes when her parents get into a horrible car accident, which kills her father and leaves her mother in coma. She is left in her father's best friend, Mr. Uchida's care. Now Eriko must take the path of singing, a path her parents did not want her to pursue. Then her uncle is out to destroy her career. But in spite of all the hardship, she becomes an idol and wins hearts all over Japan.(Source: ANN)In the year 2046 humans are moving away from using robots and begin to trust them less and less. In this time life becomes very perilous for the beings known as seconds. The seconds are the most recent line of robots, as far as the public knows. This is the world Detective Ross Sylibus lives in. Detective Sylibus is transferred to Mars by his request after his partner was killed by a robot. As he arrives he falls headfirst into a murder where a country singer on his flight was murdered. He steps off the plane and watches as a scene unfolds and he meets his partner, Armitage a female cop with a major attitude. A rash of murders begins when yet more women are killed. As the investigation is continued a secret is uncovered. There is another line of robots known as Thirds. More and more Thirds turn up missing, as a serial killer who is intent on wiping out all the Thirds runs rampant. Armitage in her quest to put the murderer to justice reveals a secret. She herself is a Third.(Source: ANN, edited)Kozue is a middleschool girl and enthusiastic volleyball player. Her dream is to play in the Japanese national volleyball team. During the series she makes it from the school district league up to the Japanese volleyball finals, step by step till the international volleyball championship. But the faster and higher Kozue climbs the career ladder up, the more she gets confronted with the dark side of success: too high expectations, self-conceit and envy are progressing towards serious problems.(Source: ANN)Usagi and Chibiusa overhear two girls talking about the Sailor Senshi after they see a poster. Humorously, as the girls discuss which is the smartest, most elegant, strongest, and the leader of the Senshi, Usagi claims those titles for herself. Chibiusa shakes her head at Usagi's delusion. Clips are shown from the debut of each Sailor Senshi, and that girl's image song is played in the background. When even Tuxedo Mask is mentioned, and the girls go to leave without having mentioned Sailor Moon, Usagi butts in on their conversation and asks them directly about Sailor Moon. The girls give a series of glowing compliments about Sailor Moon, but unlike they did for the other Senshi, they also list her faults. After the girls leave, Usagi sarcastically apologises for being a clumsy cry-baby and then bursts into tears.(Source: Wikipedia)Hushed exchanges among the female student populace of Shinyo Academy center around an enigmatic supernatural entity. This entity is Boogiepop, a Shinigami who is rumored to murder people at the height of their beauty before their allure wanes. Few know of his true nature: a guardian who, between periods of dormancy, manifests as the alter ego of a high school girl named Touka Miyashita to fend off "the enemies of the world." Now, a string of mysterious disappearances—presumed by the school to be merely runaways—has caused Boogiepop to awaken. But somewhere in the academy, a menacing creature hides, waiting for its opportune moment to strike.Boogiepop wa Warawanai subtly explores the intrinsic associations between human beings and their perception of time, while delving into its characters' complex relationships, emotions, memories, and pasts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Released direct to video in Japan after the original TV series was canceled, this OVA is actually the final two episodes of the TV series.Dragon Quest is loosely based on Dragon Quest III. The names and some of the characters are familar, but the world map is smaller and a very different shape. The two main characters are Abel and Tialah. Tialah receives the legendary Red Stone from the Aliahan Village sage Master Yogi. Soon after, Tialah is kidnapped by the evil Baramos who wants to use the Red Stone to resurrect The Great Dragon and be granted eternal life. Abel swore to rescue Tialah and he is given the Blue Stone, which can only seal the Dragon once it has been released. (Source: AniDB)After having descended upon this world, the gods have created guilds where adventurers can test their mettle. These guilds, known as "familia," grant adventurers the chance to explore, gather, hunt, or simply enjoy themselves.Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka Gaiden: Sword Oratoria begins in Orario, the lively city of adventures. The Sword Princess, Ais Wallenstein, and the novice mage, Lefiya Viridis, are members of the Loki Familia, who are experts at monster hunting. With the rest of their group, they journey to the tower of Babel in hopes of exploring the dungeon underneath. Home to powerful monsters, the dungeon will fulfill Ais's desire to master her sword skills, while bringing Lefiya closer to her dream of succeeding Riveria Ljos Alf, vice-captain of the Loki Familia, as the most powerful mage in the land.[Written by MAL Rewrite]GA: Geijutsuka Art Design Class OVA. "I Want to Draw the Blue Sky"This episode takes place before the actual planning of the School Fair and shows how the girls spend their summer holidays.The Angel Brigade, an elite branch of the Transbaal Empire military, are assigned to search for The Lost Technology, mysterious items from the past that hold unknown powers. Led by the soon to retire Colonel Volcott O' Huey, the Angel Brigade travel to different planets using their specially designed Emblem Frame ships to search for Lost Technology. Unfortunately, they usually mess up somehow and end up getting into all kinds of weird and troublesome situations.(Source: ANN)It happened suddenly: The dead began to rise and Japan was thrown into total chaos. As these monsters begin terrorizing a high school, Takashi Kimuro is forced to kill his best friend when he gets bitten and joins the ranks of the walking dead. Vowing to protect Rei Miyamoto, the girlfriend of the man he just executed, they narrowly escape their death trap of a school, only to be greeted with a society that has already fallen.Soon, Takashi and Rei band together with other students on a journey to find their family members and uncover what caused this overwhelming pandemic. Joining them is Saeko Busujima, the beautiful president of the Kendo Club; Kouta Hirano, an otaku with a fetish for firearms; Saya Takagi, the daughter of an influential politician; and Shizuka Marikawa, their hot school nurse. But will the combined strength of these individuals be enough to conquer this undead apocalypse?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Just before the arrival of a certain transfer student, three students at an academy in Paldea are tasked with making a video showcasing their school. (Source: YouTube)In the year 2048, people are raving about a fighting race called “Immortal Grand Prix”, or IGPX in short, which is faster and more exciting than any of the existing motor sports. The phenomenon is so big that an entire city was built for the racing industry where competitions take place on a huge track. In the “Immortal Grand Prix,” two teams of three IG machines, high-tech humanoid mechs driven by humans, race at speeds greater than 400km/h. The teams make three laps of a 60 km course while intercepting the opponent as they vie for a first place finish. The best machine performance, the best pilots and the best teamwork are the only factors that can make them the winners.(Source: Production I.G.)The Atobe Group is establishing a new tennis court in Kanagawa and is planning to celebrate its opening with an exhibition match. Hyoutei Academy's tennis team captain, Keigo Atobe, nominates the best team in the region to participate: Rikkai University-Affiliated Middle School. On behalf of the Rikkai tennis team, Seiichi Yukimura accepts the challenge to showcase the prowess of its members.Amidst tense preparations, the third-years of Hyoutei supervise next year's captain, Wakashi Hiyoshi. At the same time, the third-year members of Rikkai begin to worry whether Akaya Kirihara, the team's lone second-year member, can lead the club to glory once again. Determined to overthrow their respective captains' legacies during the match, both Hiyoshi and Kirihara continue rigorous training to prove they have what it takes to succeed them.The future of Hyoutei and Rikkai rests on the shoulders of these second-year aces, who harbor high expectations and ambitious goals. Emboldened by their endeavors, the third-years of each respective team impart their feelings to the second-years that will be carrying the torch for their schools once they graduate.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Metropolis of music, MIDICITY. A kitty girl wearing gothic lolita clothing named Cyan is scouted by Maple Arisugawa, the president of a music agency. From there, she meets Chuchu (a pun off of the sound that rabbits make) the honor student rabbit girl, a net geek dog girl named Retoree (from "Retriever"), and an alien sheep (?) girl named Moa. Together, they form the band named "Plasmagica," and aim for the top of the world.However, the path there is long and tough, and keeping in high spirits is important. By battling against other strange bands, Plasmagica slowly grows toward a top-grade band. In the end, they'll be a band that becomes the driving force of MIDICITY's music industry... Maybe?Gonna be a music millionaire!(Source: Sanrio)Sumikko Gurashi debuted in 2012 as slightly negative characters who like to stay in the corner of a room. The characters include "Shirokuma," a polar bear who is sensitive to cold; "Penguin?" (with a question mark in its name), a penguin who is unsure if it is actually a penguin; "Tonkatsu," a piece of pork cutlet that was left uneaten; "Neko," a shy cat; and "Tokage," who hides his nature as one of the last dinosaurs.The franchise has inspired toys, books, stationery material, video games--and now a feature film.(Source: ANN)Best friends and partners Miyuki Kobayakawa and Natsumi Sujimoto, along with the rest of the gang at Bokuto station, confront a motley group of offenders ranging from hi-tech panty thieves, purse-snatchers, and traffic violators. Using Miyuki's driving prowess and tech knowledge, as well as Natsumi's spunk and strength, the duo at times must resort to unconventional methods to see that justice is served.(Source: ANN)Specials that came with the DVDs of Tethe'alla Hen. The characters gather and talk about different things. How they are going to save the day, become the main love interest of the ladies, have increased screen-time, etc...The "God of High School" tournament has begun, seeking out the greatest fighter among Korean high school students! All martial arts styles, weapons, means, and methods of attaining victory are permitted. The prize? One wish for anything desired by the winner.Taekwondo expert Jin Mo-Ri is invited to participate in the competition. There he befriends karate specialist Han Dae-Wi and swordswoman Yu Mi-Ra, who both have entered for their own personal reasons. Mo-Ri knows that no opponent will be the same and that the matches will be the most ruthless he has ever fought in his life. But instead of being worried, this prospect excites him beyond belief.A secret lies beneath the facade of a transparent test of combat prowess the tournament claims to be—one that has Korean political candidate Park Mu-Jin watching every fight with expectant, hungry eyes. Mo-Ri, Dae-Wi, and Mi-Ra are about to discover what it really means to become the God of High School.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bonus animation featuring Index-tan included with the BD special edition of the Toaru Majutsu no Index: Endymion no Kiseki movie.Recap special of Tokyo Magnitude 8.0.Valkyrie, Kazuto, Akina, Hydra, and friends are back for more when the Key of time suddenly appears along with many other mysterious happenings. All seemed to be linked to a person named "Valkyrie Ghost" whose only goal is stealing Kazuto for herself. As they team up against this seeming unbeatable foe they dig deeper into the mysterious past of Valkyrie's home planet, Valhalla.(Source: ANN)On a very hot summer day in Tomobiki town, Lum, Ataru, and the rest of the gang are looking forward to using the school's pool. But the teachers have other plans: setting a ludicrous obstacle course between the students in their swimsuits and the pool... naturally this ends in complete chaos.(Source: AniDB)With the great success of "Maji LOVE LIVE Kingdom," the members of ST☆RISH have been busy with their idol activities. However, while their success has brought a sense of fulfillment, they began to have feelings they never felt before. "What do we do from now on..." At that time, a call comes in from the Shining Office summoning everyone to receive a "reward." What is it...? This is the behind-the-scenes story of ST☆RISH, connecting "Maji LOVE Kingdom" to the "Maji LOVE ST☆RISH Tours."(Source: HIDIVE, edited)In its 22 minutes, the TV special briefly covers the influential women involved in the series, such as DuBarry, Polignac, Rosalie, Jeanne La Motte, Maria Antoinette, and Oscar. All the scenes used are taken from the series. Kei Kunieda is a newscaster who strictly maintains an amiable and kind persona while at work. Although he smiles on the outside, he covertly curses at others to his heart's content. His everyday life is smooth, even if he keeps half of himself hidden at all times, but that changes when he meets Ushio Tsuzuki, an independent stop-motion animator.Soon, Kei finds himself caught in a lie borne from his two personas meeting Ushio under different conditions, with the other man unaware they are the very same person. As feelings begin to blossom between them, Kei cannot be sure if Ushio will love both sides of him—or only just half.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Negotiation means, you turn words into weapons"This is the realization of the popular comic Yu-go that was published in Kondasha Afternoon Magazine over a period of 10 years.Beppu Yuugo is the world's most successfull negotiator. His only weapons are "words." Yuugo doesn't kill people. Neither does he threaten them with brute violence. With rich knowledge and a calm judgement, he believes in the humans inside them. Doing only that he has managed many dangerous negotiations successfully until now. Now two of the many episodes have been chosen very carefully, one taking place in Russia, the other one in Pakistan. In the burning desert and the freezing Siberia Yuugo begins his negotiations.(Source: AniDB)After his parents died, Mowgli is raised by the Wolf Pack of the Seeonee Forest led by Akela and other wild animals such as Bagheera and Baloo. The young boy goes through several heartwarming, bittersweet, and life-threatening adventures as he seeks after his true purpose in life. And one of many dangers he has to face is the man-eating tiger, Shere Khan...(Source: ANN)A decade ago, a tragic shipwreck separated Fena Houtman from her childhood friend Yukimaru and took her father's life. Now, at age 23, she is trapped on an island and is doomed to spend the rest of her life selling herself to men. On the night she is to be forcibly wed to a client, Fena hatches a plan to escape from her employers, but two old acquaintances unexpectedly intervene and help her run away. The three make haste for the open sea and land upon Goblin Island—a mysterious place that a clan of fierce warriors call home. It is there that Fena learns that her father's ill-fated final journey at sea was in search of a place called "Eden," the location of something important that he had to protect. With nothing but a clear crystal as a clue, Fena is tasked with finding this place, as she is the only person who can do so. While still contemplating the search for what her father left behind, Fena reunites with Yukimaru, who encourages her to take up the quest. Now the captain of a seven-person crew, Fena must navigate the high seas in search of Eden. But as uncanny groups begin to target her, the perilous journey proves to be even more challenging than it previously seemed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With her late grandfather's inspiring words in mind, Chizuru Mizuhara teams up with her friend Kazuya Kinoshita to launch a crowdfunding campaign for an amateur film. The two hope that with the success of the project, Chizuru can honor her grandparents' wishes before she loses her grandmother as well. After their wild encounters with three girls—Kazuya's clingy "trial" girlfriend, Ruka Sarashina; their nosy new next-door neighbor, Mini Yaemori; and Chizuru's shy work friend, Sumi Sakurasawa—they all collaborate together to reach the campaign goal and begin production of the film. As their ambitious endeavor progresses, Chizuru and Kazuya grow closer and begin to struggle with their mutual feelings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It’s been 7 years since Yuuichi Aizawa visited his aunt Akiko, but now that his parents have gone to Africa to pursue their careers, he is finally back in the little northern town. Yuuichi is not really overjoyed with the prospect of living here though, because all of his memories of this place and the people living in it have mysteriously vanished. His cute cousin Nayuki seems like a stranger as well, even though he used to play with her all the time when they were younger.On the day of moving into his new home, Yuuichi starts unpacking the boxes and stumbles upon a red headband that no one seems to recognize. This is one of the first clues that will make Yuuichi take a stroll through the snow-covered town and make him start recalling fragments of his past, broken promises and buried secrets. Yuuichi soon realizes that there is something supernatural going on, and all of his new female acquaintances seem to have links to his forgotten past. Having died in a car accident, Tsubasa Kurata—an otaku from modern Japan—is reborn in the Fremmevilla Kingdom, a medieval world where powerful mechs called Silhouette Knights are used to fight horrific demonic beasts.Born into a noble family under the name of Ernesti Echevarria and bestowed with prodigious magical abilities, he enrolls into Royal Laihaila Academy. This school of magic trains young men and women on how to pilot the Silhouette Knights, prepping them to protect the kingdom from threats, both demonic and human. Ernesti teams up with the twins named Adeltrud and Archid Olter with the goal to create his own Silhouette Knight one day, a feat unheard of for several centuries.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To prepare for reincarnation in another world, Kelvin gives up select memories from his previous life in exchange for powerful abilities, additional skill points, and an S-class summoner title. As a bonus, the goddess facilitating his rebirth, Melfina, offers him a choice of any companion to give him a head start in his summoner role. Kelvin—who has fallen head over heels for Melfina at first sight—promptly chooses the deity, confident that his passionate feelings for her will resurface even without all of his memories.Kelvin embarks on his exciting new journey with Melfina as his guide. However, in order to summon his beloved goddess' physical form, he needs to acquire significant amounts of mana points—and the best way to accomplish this is to level up by fighting strong enemies and making contracts with even stronger companions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Final installment of Ling Long: Incarnation.Third season of Log Horizon.It's been a year since Shiroe and his friends were trapped in Akiba due to the Catastrophe. Their forging of the Round Table has brought order and prosperity to its people. But fracturing political alliances and the constant menace of the Genius monsters threaten to destabilize all they've fought for and built. Can faith be restored and they persevere, or is its destruction truly inevitable?(Source: Funimation)In the middle of an airborne heist, Lupin goes from stealing to stolen as he's carted off and forced to do a job for a mysterious man identifiable only by the brand of cigarette he smokes. Lupin's mission: to steal the infamous "Bull's Eye", a small green jewel best-known for the fact that everyone who's ever stolen it has ended up dead. Along with the challenge of alternately evading and pursuing a young thief with a competitive streak, Lupin and the gang must unravel the mystery of the Bull's Eye before its curse - or their mysterious taskmaster - gets the better of them. (Source: ANN)Arusu believes in magic. With all her heart, she believes that magic is possible and that it can be used for good deeds and fun games. But suddenly, she finds herself transported into another world, ruled by a mysterious elite of witches—and these witches don't seem to be in it for the fun. They're hard at work capturing sprites, the native magical beings of the world, and forcing them into slavery. Once Arusu realizes that her new surroundings aren't just a dream, she sets out to change things.(Source: ANN)Sometime after all the events which took place during Negi's first year as a teacher, Class 2-A goes on a school trip to a beautiful island for Spring break. Everything is fine now, but troubles continue for Negi, because he's still the main atraction of the class. But he has something else to worry about, Asuna is angry at him because he told her she had nothing to do with his studies as a wizard. During the trip, the situation gets intense as Asuna's friends try to help Negi make up with her.(Source: ANN)The Team Rocket leader, Giovanni, has found Mewtwo in a remote area of the Johto region. As Giovanni tries to re-capture Mewtwo, Ash and his friends are kidnapped by Domino, a new Team Rocket member, while trying to rescue Pikachu from Jessie and James. The Clone Pokemon are also captured and are then used as bait for Mewtwo. The situation then becomes a battle between the wills of Mewtwo and Giovanni; and Mewtwo also tries to discover if it and the clones have a purpose in life, even though they are products of science.(Source: ANN)Thousands of years ago, it was a time of witchcraft and dark magic. An evil sorceress has bewitched the emperor of the mighty dynasty and he has become a mindless puppet. The country is in shambles, and evil spirits lurk everywhere. The human world is on the verge of utter destruction. A bold mission is planned by the Confederation of the Immortal Masters. They send a young master wizard to hunt down the villains and evil warlocks in the devastated lands.(Source: ANN)Heroine, Hiromi Oka, has just entered a high school famous for its tennis club. She has started playing tennis yearning after Madam Butterfly. She was expecting to enjoy playing tennis with her best friend, Maki, but the situation changes when the new coach, Mr. Munakata, suddenly picks out Hiromi to be one of the players for the upcoming tournament and starts giving Hiromi tough lessons. She strives under any circumstance. The more the new coach gives her training, the better she seems to get. Finally she becomes the representative in the junior match tournament.(Source: TMS Entertainment)Note: This is not a direct sequel to the first series. Due to an overwhelming success of the classic animated series, Aim for the Ace (Ace wo Nerae), this remake was been produced to retrace and flashback to the original series.One day, a stone carving bearing an uncanny likeness to Keroro  arrives at Fuyumi's place. To solve this mystery, the Keroro Squad travels to the isolated and mysterious Easter Island. There, they meet harmless spirits known as Mana, and the odd twins Io and Rana. Lastly, there is Akuaku, a legendary evil spirit recently awoken from its long sleep. (Source: AniDB) A recap of the original anime's second quarter.It is almost Valentine's Day, and grim reaper Grell Sutcliff finally receives the opportunity to become the heroine of her very own harem battle. Whilst making chocolates for the demonic butler Sebastian Michaelis, Grell's preparations are interrupted by a whole host of handsome men smashing through the window.First to appear is fellow reaper William T. Spears, who brings nothing but harsh reprimands. Next, however, the man of the hour appears—Sebastian Michaelis. The room begins to fill up even more, with Grell's unconventional harem expanding to include a pair of Phantomhive servants; the English branch manager of a Chinese trading company, Lau; the promiscuous Viscount Druitt; the Queen's butler, Ash Landers; and even the royal master-servant pair, Prince Soma and Agni. And when The Undertaker appears as "The Valentine's Fairy," this chaotic gathering becomes a lot more romantic.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third season of Kyoukai no Rinne.The carefree Tsunami is next in line to rule over the Magical Kingdom of Juraihelm. But before she is officially crowned as queen, she must restore balance to the universe that has come to favor darkness. To accomplish her goal, Tsunami gives the ordinary Sasami Kawai a magical baton that can transform her into a magical girl. She also appoints the rabbit-like creature Ryou-Ouki to aid Sasami in the battle against evil.However, Sasami refuses to become a magical girl—not because she is scared, but because she finds it too embarrassing! Meanwhile, the arrogant Ramia is plotting to overthrow Tsunami by enlisting her own magical girl—the eccentric Pixy Misa—to cause chaos and ensure that balance is never restored. As Pixy Misa terrorizes the planet with her Love-Love monsters, Sasami must learn to swallow her pride and accept her role as the universe's champion of justice, Pretty Sammy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]This series tells the story of 9 year-old Katri, a  girl who lives on a farm in Finland with her grandparents. Katri's mother has been away in Germany for three years.  The farm is not doing well, so to help support her family, she goes to work on a neighboring farm. Katri faces many struggles and challenges.Manie-Manie: Meikyuu Monogatari is an anthology film composed of three short films by acclaimed directors Rintaro, Yoshiaki Kawajiri, and Katsuhiro Otomo.Labyrinth LabyrinthosWhile Sachi is searching for her cat, Cicerone, they both fall through a mirror and become trapped in a mysterious, mind-bending labyrinth. They follow a clown's shadow into the distance, not knowing where it will lead them.Running ManBob Stone is a reporter working on an article about racer Zack Hugh, the ten-year reigning champion of an extremely popular and deadly automobile race. By the time the two meet, Zack's body and mind are shells of what they used to be. When the next race starts, Bob observes what happens when both man and machine are pushed to their breaking point, and what it takes to be an enduring champion.The Order to Stop ConstructionSalaryman Tsutomo Sugioka is dispatched into the heart of a dangerous jungle in order to halt a construction project after the foreman's mysterious disappearance. There, he discovers the deadly and uncontrollable world created by the automated construction robots. When the chief robot is resistant to his orders, Tsutomo must figure out another way to stop the project before his company's financial losses become too great.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Prior to the events of the anime, three factions—the Garan Army, the Kiba Army, and the Aira Army, battle for total dominance of Machine Island. The island is basically a prison, isolated from the rest of the world. The island contains a vast amount of resources, allowing the three factions to create an infinite supply of giant robots for their respective armies.The world government learns that the island's power reactor has become unstable and will explode within 66 hours, destroying all of life and Earth itself. The government sends the Death Caprice squad, composed of mercenaries Ken Kaido and Ryo Magami to solve the issue, along with their giant robot Mazinkaiser, but was that a good idea?Tetsuo Tosu never expected his daughter, Reika, to be a victim of domestic violence. Suspecting that her yakuza boyfriend, Nobuto Matori, is the perpetrator, Tetsuo decides to investigate him and his associates. But as he searches for evidence at Reika's apartment, the father learns that his daughter is not the first victim and that a worse fate awaits her.When he is discovered by Nobuto, Tetsuo ends up killing him in the ensuing fight. Assisted by his wife, Tetsuo hides the body in fear of retaliation from the yakuza. To add to the misfortune of the Tosu family, Nobuto happens to be the son of the mafia's head. Considered to be prime suspects behind Nobuto's disappearance, Tetsuo and his wife will have to deploy all their ingenuity to protect their daughter from the yakuza and their ruthless investigation.[Written by MAL Rewrite]OVA bundled with the 34th volume of the manga.The entire universe is divided into the inner universe and the outer universe. The two universes are enemies of each other. The outer universe is ruled by demons, and the inner universe is divided into The Realm of gods, the Eternal Realm, and the Mortal Realm. In the universe, there are countless mortal worlds like the Tianfa Continent, and they are collectively referred to as the Jiutian Xin Region. In the field of Jiutian Xin, nine immortal emperors commanded all star fields in nine layers. Above the nine heavens is the realm of purification of immortal gods. (Source: AnimeXin)Patricia and Isabel O'Sullivan arrives at the St. Claire, a college for girls, to study and live in the new home. In there place, they meet to Alison, Wella, Catherine and Doris, who live too in the St. Claire, and join with their in the team spirit. All together, the girls play games and fun long time, living in harmony until appears Winfred, a sulky rude and antisocial girl that no will doubt in to create all kind of troubles for the O'Sullivan twins and their friends...(Source: vtap.com)This is the first recapitulation episode, covering the first five episodes with only the difference being that the episode follows the manga storyline and begins with Luffy and Shanks at the bar. Also, in the ending, the current Straw Hats have a small conversation about their goals.(Source: One Piece Wikia)Bundled with fourth manga volume. There is a new urban legend circulating Tokyo. It claims that if you make a request in the Ask-a-Thief Channel, the Phantom Thieves of Hearts will show up and bring justice by stealing a corrupt person's heart and making them regret all their wrongdoings. As strange and inexplicable events continue to happen all around town, more people submit their requests in hope that the mysterious vigilante group will help.Kazuya Makigami is a burglar by night, but has started to have second thoughts about his crimes and those who help him commit them. Unable to stand up to his comrades himself, Kazuya submits a request to the Ask-a-Thief Channel.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixth season of Quanzhi Fashi.Before Chise became the "ultimate weapon," there was another—Lieutenant Mizuki. A battle-hardened military woman, she volunteered for an experimental procedure after injuries left her unable to return to the battlefield. As the prototype ultimate weapon, Lieutenant Mizuki was highly successful on the battlefield, however, as the first candidate, her development was limited.When a more suitable candidate to become the weapon, Chise, is forced into the military, Lieutenant Mizuki thinks that she is silly, weak, and unsuited for the role. As the only other person to have undergone the procedure, however, Lieutenant Mizuki can hear Chise's thoughts and is the only one who understands her. As the war rages on and Chise's development progresses, Lieutenant Mizuki discovers more about Chise, ultimate weapons, and herself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Murasame Sumika is popular in the high school for her excellence in the marks and sports. However, she has a secret: she is in love with her classmate Kazama Ushio. Ushio also has a liking to the love between girls, but she hasn't noticed Sumika's feelings and has always been refused by other girls.Unaired episodes of Seihou Bukyou Outlaw Star included in the eighth and twelfth volumes of the VHS, designated as episodes 16 and 23.When 20-year-old college student Haruto Amakawa dies in a traffic accident, he does not expect to wake up in an unfamiliar world in the body of a young boy named Rio. As their memories and personas fuse, Rio realizes that he now also possesses magical powers. He is relieved to find that his burning passion for revenge against his mother's murderers has not subsided, despite his newly changed identity.Not soon after, Rio comes across the kidnapped princess of the Bertram Kingdom and saves her without hesitation. To express his gratitude, the king grants him the opportunity to enroll in the Bertram Royal Academy. Believing this to be a new chapter in his life, he is excited to study at this prestigious academy, but life here proves to be difficult for him, a slum-dweller surrounded by the majestic children of nobles.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Shana-tan specials bundled with the first and fifth volume pre-orders of the Shakugan no Shana DVD, the limited edition Shakugan no Shana guide book, and the limited edition Shakugan no Shana Movie preview DVD special.Episodes#1: Shakugan no Shana-tan#2: Shakugan no Shana-tan Returns#3: Itadaki no Hecate-tan#4: Banjou no Carmel-sanIn a post-apocalyptic society, much of earthquake-riddled Japan has been left to ruin, resulting in an abundance of greenery. Governments manage much of the world's emissions, resulting in a massive class divide and economic disparity. The Japanese government launches "Project Atlas," a utopian city that will replace Tokyo but can only fit a certain amount of people. This limitation means that some people will have to live outside the city in jungles, as refugees.However, with any flawed plan comes those who are willing to challenge it. These include Kuniko Houjou, an heir to a renegade town; Mikuni, a mysterious and powerful child kept in a secret temple; Kunihito Kusanagi, a soldier for the high-tech and exclusive monopoly Atlas; Karin Ishida, a genius economics whiz with her hand in markets across the world; and the villainous Ryouko Naruse, leading Atlas in its domination of this future world.Can this group of rebels, forming a movement known as "Metal-Age," band together to demonstrate that inclusion and teamwork prevail over cruel segregation?[Written by MAL Rewrite]In 2024, the computer network prevails throughout daily life. Sora Yuuki is a 14-year-old girl. One day, she is invited to an online game "The World". After an accident in the game, the real world begins to deform.Second season of 7 Seeds.Growing out of the chaos of a global war, the city of Utopia is populated by humans and bioroids (artificial humans). On the surface, everything is harmonious, but tensions lurk. Into this seemingly perfect society comes a survivor of the wars, Deunan Knute, who carries a legacy that will turn out to be of critical importance to the future of humanity. (Source: ANN)Teppei is going to visit his older brother Kotaro Takamiya during a scientific conference after training with a mysterious woman named Karen for the past 11 years. However his plans for a family reunion become stalled when a woman named Aramis kills everyone in the conference to kidnap Kotaro. Teppei on the way to save his brother encounters a broken mechanical horse called B't X who revives thanks to Teppei's blood and is now his aide to save his brother from the mysterious Machine Empire. Though it has been one year since the Black Rebellion failed, the battle lives on, as the Holy Empire of Britannia attempts to expand its power worldwide, and the Black Knights work to regain theirs.As a newly instated Knight of Rounds, Suzaku Kururugi is an indispensable asset in battle, though he has yet to bear the full weight of his title. Among his opposition, C.C. and Kallen Stadtfeld strengthen their bond as they work together on crucial missions for the Black Knights. Interspersed throughout the drama are lighthearted, humorous moments, including the Ashford Academy Student Council’s handmade dress party and the Black Knights' pajama party.Blending tragedy and comedy, Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch R2 Picture Drama gives a behind-the-scenes look at the characters of its parent series, showcasing how they come to terms with their roles and each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]By finding a rare Action Kamen card, Shinnosuke Nohara and his family end up being chosen to go to a parallel world and help foil an alien invasion that is occurring over there. (Source: ANN) Year 2055, four years after the events in Danball Senki W. LBXs have become the world’s largest hobby, big enough for pro leagues to be established, and people to make their entire living off being an LBX player. 14-year-old Arata is a new transfer student at Kamui Daimon Integrated Academy on Kamui Island, near Japan. Known to be the most prestigious institution in the world for raising LBX players and mechanics, entrance to the academy requires an extremely competitive hurdle of being the champion of at least three official tournaments. Along with other members of his platoon, they face rivals and delve into the secrets lurking within the academy.(Source: ANN)Locomon, a train digimon, has suddenly appeared in the real world. All the tamers scramble to stop the train before it reaches its final destination: the portal into the Digital world.(Source: ANN)A virtual world was created by the present-day network called the "Digital World." The "Digital Monster," which is a digital life object, was born, and the host computer Yggdrasil managed the different Digital World areas. However, it developed the X Program of fear to eliminate all Digimon in the old world and develop a new Digital World for only certain Digimon... Now, the greatest crisis ever approaches the Digital World.The X-Digimon, a new type of Digital Monster, is hunted by the Royal Knights who protect the Digital Worlds. Their master, the network overseer Yggdrasil, seeks to set in motion Project Ark to renew the Digital Worlds and create new Digimon, but at the cost of all other digital life. This new X-Digimon will seek out the answers to its own existence as it tries to protect the life of all Digimon, and in the process it will change the Digital Worlds forever.(Source: ANN)On a fateful day, a young girl named Ai takes a taxi to her new home in Animal Village. After being swindled by her landlord, Tanukichi, into working for his delivery service, it is not long before Ai meets other village residents: Kotobuki, the mayor perpetually worried about his reelection; Yuu, the only other human around, with a passion for random antics and costumes; Bouquet, an overly energetic but rather friendly cat; and Sally, an elephant who dreams of being a fashion designer. New friends seem to lurk in every nook and cranny, but despite that, Ai still struggles to find her niche in this town—until some mysterious notes left on the beach give her a glimpse of a greater purpose.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gokuu Son and his friends are out camping when three mysterious enemies ambush them. After a quick fight, a fourth enemy named Cooler joins the fray. Seeking retribution for his younger brother Frieza after he was defeated, Cooler attacks Gokuu; however, the latter manages to escape with Gohan Son and goes into hiding. Unsatisfied and infuriated with the outcome, Cooler and his men begin the hunt to uncover Gokuu's location and kill him to carry out their plans of exacting revenge.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hitomi Kanzaki is in a very depressed mood. She only wants to sleep and fade away. Her misery summons Lord Folken who sends her to Gaea. The people of Gaea think she is the Wing Goddess, who can call upon the legendary Dragon Armor called Escaflowne. On Gaea, King Van, the sole survior of the White Dragon Clan, is also in a depressed state. Swearing an oath to get his revenge on the Black Dragon Clan that obliterated Van's kingdom, he lives by the sword. Now that the Wing Goddess has finally appeared, she posseses Gaea's world fate in her heart. Escaflowne will either lead Gaea to peace or total ruin.(Source: ANN)A boy named Nello becomes an orphan at the age of two when his mother dies.  His grandfather, who lives in a small village takes him in. One day, Nello finds a dog who was almost beaten to death and named him Patrasche. Due to the good care of his grandfather, the dog recovers, and from then on, Nello and Patrasche are inseparable. Since they are very poor, Nello has to help his grandfather by selling milk. Patrasche helps him pull the milk cart that Nello uses to sell milk in the town.(Source: Wikipedia)Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage. (Source: ANN)After losing almost all their members the Tobita Crush Gear club is facing extinction. Kouya who dreams of being a Crush Gear Fighting Champion doesn't want to see the club become extinct and will do whatever he can to keep the club running and become a Cush Gear Champion.Story of a girl born with a bad leg. Ritsuko longs to go to school and make lots of friends but it is not so easy. Her mother is very protective of her and at school she is teased by her classmates for her strange way of walking. Will she manage to keep her smile?Six stories will be developed as an anthology with a new interpretation of Grimm's fairy tales, incorporating dark elements.(Source: MU, translated)At his father's command, Oguna, the youngest prince of Yamato, sets out to kill Takeru Kawakami, the leader of Kumaso. However, upon arriving in Kumaso territory, he is injured by the stray arrow of a young local woman named Kajika who is hunting game. Eager to compensate for the terrible mistake, she escorts Oguna to her village to treat his wound. But as the two rapidly fall in love, the prince makes a disturbing discovery: Kajika is Takeru's younger sister!Conflicted between his newfound love and family duty, Oguna seeks advice from the Phoenix, a legendary immortal bird that serves as Kumaso's guardian. Compelled to make a decision, will the Yamato prince betray his own for the woman he loves, or will he murder Kajika's brother as commissioned?Inspired by the Yamato Takeru Japanese legend, Hi no Tori: Yamato-hen chronicles the tragic story of an ill-fated couple, showing how true love can conquer hate and adversity even among the greatest of uncertainties.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Higepiyo is a little chick with a mustache, who is seeking to aquire masculinity with his friend Hiroshi but ends up being entangled with a skin of heated milk.An animated short for the Arknights smartphone game's 1-year anniversary.(Source: ANN)Cheng Ke has lost everything. Coming from a privileged background, he now has to search through trash to find his missing possessions. When one of his frustrated outbursts results in him being punched in the face, Cheng Ke finds himself unfortunately acquainted with terrifying gang leader Jiang Yuduo.Circumstances lead to Cheng Ke becoming a tenant at a new apartment—which just so happens to be rented out by Jiang Yuduo. Cheng Ke's inability to complete even the most menial tasks forces him to overly depend on his landlord, and as a result, the two form an indescribable bond.However, there are darker forces at play in the lives of both Cheng Ke and Jiang Yuduo. The two men are haunted by the pasts they left behind, and meanwhile, danger lurks around every corner. With mysterious figures following their every move, gang wars raging in the streets they walk on, and enemies itching to bring them down, Cheng Ke and Jiang Yuduo must always have each other's back.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The great music adventure in Show by Rock!! begins after Cyan decides to play her favorite rhythm game and suddenly gets sucked in, finding herself in a world called Midi City where music reigns supreme. She learns that anyone who delivers amazing and powerful music also has the ability to control the city. However, not all music is pure. An evil plan is set in motion to engulf the whole Midi City in darkness. Is it too late for Cyan to do something?Cyan Hijirikawa always regards herself as nothing but an ordinary girl living in a mediocre world. She has great talent and extreme guitar skills, but she also lacks the confidence to take the first step in realizing her dream to play in a band and be a music millionaire! Little did she know that an eminent power resides deep within herself—the power to defeat evil with her magical music!Join Cyan, Chuchu, Retoree and Moa in a world where music is everything.Saku Ooyagi returns to his hometown after seven years and is soon reacquainted with his childhood friend, Mihoshi Akeno. The reunion is far from merry since the last memory they have of each other is of her falling off a tree and him saving her. In any case, Mihoshi is determined to improve their relationship and forces Saku to join the astronomy club she founded.A teenage boy has now moved in the home of his mother's friend, because she had died a while back. It just so happens that the Yakuza family has four beautiful daughters, but one daughter, Hibari, who is more beautiful than the rest of the daughters, is actually a boy. Hibari just can't keep his hands off our hero and so their crazy yet happy lives go on. (Source: ANN)After Cure Muse's mission of restoring her father's kind heart was accomplished, Ako and Mephisto decided to return to Major Land together. Suddenly, a howling noise rang through the city, and when it died down, all music was gone. Ako and Mephisto tried to establish contact with Major Land, but could not get a response.Full of worry, Hibiki and the others headed to Major Land, where there was no sign of the former land of overflowing music. The world was desolate without sound, its people devoid of emotion like stone, continuing to play their soundless instruments. The only one left was Ako's friend Suzu, who explained how Aphrodite suddenly changed and took away all music from the land. Ako and Mephisto, unbelieving and determined to find out the truth, headed to the palace where Aphrodite was. Hibiki, Kanade and Ellen decided to chase after Suzu, who had run away after Ako refused to believe her story.While chasing after Suzu, the girls met with 3 men eager to steal the Healing Chest. And as the truth slowly came to light, the Pretty Cure had to face up to the real enemy.Second season of Super Lovers.The adventures of Putin and Kirenenko continue after they escaped from jail.In a world of constant war between humans and witches, there exist the "beastfallen"—cursed humans born with the appearance and strength of an animal. Their physical prowess and bestial nature cause them to be feared and shunned by both humans and witches. As a result, many beastfallen become sellswords, making their living through hunting witches.Despite the enmity between the races, a lighthearted witch named Zero enlists a beastfallen whom she refers to as "Mercenary" to act as her protector. He travels with Zero and Albus, a young magician, on their search for the Grimoire of Zero: a powerful spell book that could be extremely dangerous in the wrong hands. During their journey, his inner kindness is revealed as he starts to show compassion and sympathy towards humans and witches alike, and the unlikely companions grow together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story is set in the year 311 of the Orbital Calendar, when humanity has migrated to countless colony clusters in space. A space colony girl named Akiha Shishidou encounters a malevolent artificial intelligence named Leopard that has been installed on a colony.Akiha is joined by an Inter-Colony Police officer named Itsuki Kannagi, a taciturn young girl named Honoka Kawai, and a robot named Imoko "Imo-chan" Shishidou.(Source: AniDB)Toaru Kagaku no Railgun S specials that were released on Blu-ray and DVD volumes.Something evil is stirring in the shadows of Tokyo...During the spring of his senior year in high school, quiet Tatsuma Hiyuu transfers to Magami Academy in Shinjuku. The mysterious boy's "outsider" status and his profound skills in martial arts quickly earn him the friendship of class delinquent Kyouichi Houraiji. Through an uncanny connection and a happenstance challenge, he also meets Yuuya Daigo of the wrestling club, the captain of the girls' archery club, Komaki Sakurai, and Aoi Misato, the Student Council President.During their encounter, there is a sudden, harsh disruption of the Ryumyaku (literally Dragon Pulse, otherwise known as Dragon Vein or Dragon Stream), the flow of arcane energy. The surge awakens within the five teenagers a latent power, giving them each a supernatural ability. Enlightened to their newly acquired gifts by Hisui, the young heir of the Kisaragi Clan who maintains his family's antiques shop - as well as their duty to protect Tokyo from Oni (demons) - the Magami students decide to use their power to protect the city from the onslaught of dark forces.Battling the demons alongside Hisui Kisaragi, the five unlikely friends discover that they may have to face a greater threat to Tokyo other than destroying a few malevolent, random monsters. The Ryumyaku had been disrupted by force, from someone invoking the Dark Arts - and that person has a wicked desire to unleash a long-dead evil.Can the teenagers overcome their own fears and flaws to fight against the Dark Arts? And soon they will also have to face their own destinies as they discover their Stars of Fate.This anime is based on a manga, which was based on the Nintendo role-playing video game originally released in 1998. "Our cat might be turning into a nekomata..." A rural town where youkai, people and gods live normal, everyday lives, mixed with a bit of warmth and occasional mystery.One summer, the twenty-year old cat Buchio suddenly evolves into a nekomata. Questioning the reason for his evolution, he sets out to learn more about transformation, together with the transforming kitsune Yuri.Muu-chan spies on the crow Tengu Jirou as he performs his Tengu duties, and begins to see Jirou in a new light. At that same time, rumors of an unfortunate Nue begin to spread… (Source: East Press, translated)One day, the bright red sun stopped shining, causing the "Breakdown Phenomenon"—the destruction of Arata Kasuga's town and the disappearance of the people inhabiting it. All, however, is not yet lost; by utilizing the magical grimoire given to him by his childhood friend and cousin Hijiri Kasuga, Arata's world gets artificially reconstructed.In order to investigate the phenomenon, Lilith Asami appears before Arata, whose artificial world suddenly disintegrates. He is given two choices: hand over the book, or die. However, Arata chooses the third option—enrolling in the top-secret magic school Royal Biblia Academy, where six other magical users await him. Together with Lilith, these six form the Trinity Seven, the elite of the school who each bolster their own power and skill.With the ambition to save Hijiri and the help of his newfound friends, Arata stops at nothing to prevent the destruction of his beloved hometown and to bring his best friend back.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The adventures of Putin and Kirenenko, two rabbits stuck in a Russian prison, continue as they make their escape and try to avoid the fearsome Soviet bunnies on their trail! Wonder 3 is an Osamu Tezuka manga and a black and white anime series. It involved the adventures of three agents from outer space who were sent to Earth to determine whether the planet, a potential threat to the universe, should be destroyed. The instrument of destruction is a device resembling a large black ball with two antennae that is variously called an anti-proton bomb, a solar bomb, and a neutron bomb. Although the three agents (Captain Bokko, Nokko, and Pukko) are originally humanoid in appearance, upon arrival on Earth they take on the appearances of a rabbit (Bokko), a horse (Nokko), and a duck (Pukko) that they had captured as examples of Earth life forms. While on Earth they travel in a tire-shaped vehicle capable of enormous speeds called the Big Wheel, which can travel on both land and water (and, with modifications, through the air).The series tackles a number of issues which were surprisingly progressive for an animated cartoon of that period; particularly ecological concerns and poverty.(Source: Wikipedia)Third season of Wu Geng Ji.Based on a series of light novels written by Tanaka Yoshiki and illustrated by Kakinouchi Narumi.The story revolves around Ryouko Yakushiji, a 27-year-old multilingual investigator that graduated from Tokyo University's elite Department of Law, and the bizarre cases she faces while working for the Tokyo Metropolitan Police. Yakushiji not only has to deal with supernatural beings in her line of work, but also her rival Yukiko Muromachi, another equally talented and beautiful police investigator.(Source: AniDB)In the past, humanoid bears coexisted with humans. However, a meteor shower that fell onto Earth had a strange effect on bears throughout the world: they suddenly became violent and hungry for human flesh, spurring an endless cycle of bloodshed in which bear ate man and man shot bear, forgetting the lively relationship they once had. The "Wall of Severance" was thus built, separating the two civilizations and keeping peace.Kureha Tsubaki and Sumika Izumino are two lovers attending Arashigaoka Academy, who, upon the arrival of two bears that have sneaked through the Wall of Severance and infiltrated the academy, find their relationship under a grave threat. The hungering yet affectionate bears, Ginko Yurishiro and Lulu Yurigasaki, seem to see the bear-hating Kureha as more than just another meal, and in getting closer to her, trigger an unraveling of secrets that Kureha may not be able to bear.When their relationships provoke the Invisible Storm, a group that keeps order within the ideological school, the girls must stand on trial with their love, embarking on a journey of self-discovery en route to attaining true love's "promised kiss."[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode included in DVD Vol.7.In this episode they attempt to make a movie with some money they found lying on the ground.Enma is a character created by the genius manga artist Go Nagai. Now, the popular character makes his appearance in an alluring Japanese horror anime for adults. It's a hair-raising erotic suspense in which Enma takes on complicated and gruesome incidents caused by demons who lurk in the darkness. But humans have lit up the darkness of the night with neon lights and turned their world into one that never sleeps, so demons now lurk in the "darkness of the human heart." Unfulfilled hearts, suppressed hearts, despair,...such darkness of the heart is the place they lurk.Enma is the Demon Prince of the Underworld, a demon "Born of Fire." His mission is to take back or destroy demons that have escaped to the human world from the Underworld. Along with his partner, Princess Yukihime, "Born of Ice," and the monster, Kapaeru, Enma sets up "Enma's Detective Agency." Tonight, like any other night, they will roam the sleepless city. Horrific incidents that could not possibly be human acts occur one after another. The stench of evil lingers at the scene... Enma's fire rips through the darkness!(Source: Bandai Entertainment)Lupin, the master thief/spy/Jack of all Trades, has been executed, but he is still alive, and not even Lupin himself knows how that is possible. While trying to figure out, however, he and his gang are thrust into a conspiracy involving clones, Lupin's un-trustworthy rival Fujiko, and a miniature madman's plot to take over the world.(Source: ANN)A Hong Kong crime boss contracts Lupin, Fujiko and Jigen to recover a legendary dragon statue that sunk with the Titanic. Unfortunately for them, the dragon is a treasure of Goemon's clan, said to have power exceeding that of his Zantetsuken sword; he resolves to protect the statue at all costs, even if it means killing his old friends. (Source: ANN)The Magical Kingdom of Klyrode summons hundreds of heroes from other worlds every year to fight in their war against the Dark One and his army of powerful demons. Banaza is one of those heroes, summoned from the Royal Capital Paluma, but something's not right—Banaza is only an average merchant. He has no magic, no fighting ability, and his stats are abysmal. Worse, a mishap leaves him unable to return home! Rejected as a hero and stranded in another world, abandoned to the far reaches of the kingdom by a cruel king who just wants him gone, Banaza's fate looks pretty bleak. But what will happen once the failed hero candidate finds himself with super cheat powers once he hits level two?(Source: J-Novel Club)In the country of Gazth-Sonika, civil war rages. There, a mercenary called Madlax plies her trade, with almost supernatural skill. In the seemingly peaceful country of Nafrece, Margaret Burton lives a tranquil life. As separate as their lives may seem, the two are connected by ties of mystery, and by a holy book that is also sought by the shadowy organisation, Enfant. As Margaret and Madlax follow the path of their destiny, they come ever closer to uncovering the truth - with no guarantee that it is a truth they can bear to learn.(Source: ANN)Kiyo Nozuki and Sumire Herai are childhood friends who share a common desire to become maikos—apprentice geishas. When they join a maiko house, Kiyo is deemed unfit to be a maiko and ends up employed as a live-in cook. On the other hand, Sumire perfectly fits the maiko image and undergoes training to become one. Although disheartened by her own failure, the ever-optimistic Kiyo cooks for everyone in the house, happy to nourish and encourage them in their endeavors.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After taking one hundred secret photos and observing him from afar for months, second-year high schooler Yuki Kurihara has finally mustered up the courage to ask out her first-year crush Shinya "Momo" Momotsuki. Although taken by surprise, the bashful Momo accepts; however, he does not know the profoundly abnormal truth. As her strait-laced friend, Norika Mizuyama, has observed, Yuki has developed some unnerving—but nonetheless sincere—habits: taking pictures of Momo in secret, doing extensive research into his personal life, collecting his used straws, and even going "Momo watching."Though Momo remains blissfully unaware of his new girlfriend's peculiar habits, he does notice some oddities in their daily conversations. Still unsure and nervous about his first relationship, Momo finds himself regularly getting into awkward interactions due to his inexperience, but nevertheless resolves to make his new girlfriend happy.Momokuri follows Yuki and Momo as they shyly explore their newfound love, and also deal with the problems that arise from it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Throughout life, people come and go, eventually departing with a goodbye. For childhood friends Natsumi Aizawa, Yuka Hanaki, and Rinko Tamaki, they are confronted with this harsh reality when they are told their group's fourth member, Saki Mizukoshi, is moving away at the end of summer. With this news threatening their friendship, the four girls seek out a magic stone from local folklore—hoping to use its rumored wish-granting powers to keep them together. After following the steps of the supposed legend, they are surprised to discover that the magic is real.While the summer's end looms over the horizon, Natsumi and the others use the stone to ensure they have no lingering regrets until the end. But regardless of what the future might bring, these four friends will never forget the colorful miracles they experience during what could be their final summer together.[Written by MAL Rewrite]ShinkonFinally working in his ideal career as a public servant, Raku Ichijou is able to return home to his loving wife and whisk his worries away. Between freshly prepared meals and his wife's endless affection, Ichijou can think of little else to wish for—but such a seemingly perfect reality may be misleading.Magical Patissiere Kosaki-chan!!Dr. Maiko's presence causes peace in Boyari City to remain elusive, but justice is not far away. Learning from their recent efforts, the Magical Princess, ruler of the Land of Magic, tasks Magical Patissiere Kosaki, Magical Police Marika, and Magical Gorilla Chitoge to finish Dr. Maiko for good. However, in order to avoid a repeat of their previous battle, the trio must formulate a brand new strategy to defeat the brazen villain.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Demon brothers Lucifer, Mammon, Leviathan, Satan, Asmodeus, Beelzebub, and Belphegor are rarely in agreement. Being avatars of the seven deadly sins, their respective interests are strongly influenced by the sin that they embody the most. As a result, it is no easy task to decide on the itinerary for a family trip within the Devildom. What locations and activities would please everyone to make this getaway worthwhile?[Written by MAL Rewrite]After Musashi rescues Michiru Saruwatari from a demon, his friend Kojirou Kanemaki discovers that his father was a member of the Uesugi clan. Determined to learn more about his own past, Kojirou—alongside his Kanemaki clansmen—decides to participate in Uesugi's punitive expedition against the demon lord of Awaji Island: Yamata no Orochi, an eight-headed dragon that threatens to engulf the entire region.However, upon joining Uesugi's military alliance, Musashi faces the harsh reality of fighting against powerful demons. Humiliated by his lack of power and inability to work in groups, he has to learn how to cooperate with his newfound allies. Meanwhile, the Obsidian Eight—a group pursuing the Obsidian Goddess that dwells within Musashi's body—resumes its hunt for Musashi, and plans to thwart the ongoing island operation. As the situation grows chaotic, Musashi and his friends must foil the machinations of the various factions conspiring to seize the Obsidian Goddess.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Osake wa Fuufu ni Natte kara talk event at the Machi★Asobi vol. 20 event announced that the short series will receive a 14th episode. (Source: MAL News)Mike is a penguin soldier who returns home after being injured during combat. Estranged from his family and friends, he leaves his hometown and starts to roam adrift through the country.(Source: ANN)Trill, a mysterious navi said to have originated from the world of Beyondard, is discovered. And new beast-type enemies, the Zoanoroids, want him for his special power. Netto Hikari and Rockman must protect their new friend while they try to figure out what Trill is really and his connection to the two legendary cyber beasts, Grega and Faltzer. (Source: ANN)The Z Project was intended to give the new generation a break from caring for the old. The original intenion was to create a machine to care for them without any intervention. At first glance, it looked like an excellent plan, and many of the younger generation approved of its application. But when old Mr. Takazawa become the test subject for the Z-001 machine, Haruko questioned both the tactics of the hospital and the moral implications of the machine. This is just the beginning, as Haruko has not just the hospital, but the odds against her. But then, she discovers an odd quirk about the machine: it uses a biochip, and it eventually acquires a mind of its own!(Source: AnimeNfo)A gigantic meteorite landed on earth a few years back. A mysterious capsule believed to have belonged to the aliens was discovered. Called the "black box," an international organization called "Project BB" was created to research it.Eight boys, including Manabu Yoshimura, attend International Academy, a school located near Project BB headquarters. They are enticed by their teacher Toukichi Hashiba's promise of "I'll give you class credit," and end up getting involved in his experiment. The experiment was to enter the eight empty chambers of meteorite. According to Hashiba's theory, the meteorite should strongly respond to strong human thoughts. He tells them to have a clear image of a great looking gigantic robot; if they do, something should happen...Then, a big spaceship appears in the sky and an alien calling himself Wercury appears in a 3-D image. He tells them he is from the Star of Prokimasi and that he has come to collect the meteorite of the Choshin people. If they do not hand it over, he will challenge the earth beings to a battle. Manabu and his friends are confused by the unexpected turn of events but the meteorite responds to the thoughts of the group and suddenly starts to transform itself into a gigantic robot. Then, attacked by the invading Prokimasi robot, they are forced to pull their strength together and fight back. But it is extremely difficult to put the wills of the eight together as one and the robot cannot fight in the way it should. The gigantic robot that Hashiba named "Gakusaver" and Manabu's eight; can they manage to protect Earth and the meteorite from the Prokimasi invasion?(Source: King Records)This is the story about how Dubus, Lafiel's father, and Plakia after an adventure on a mysterious, abandoned spaceship decided to have a daughter together and why Dubus gave her the name Lafiel. (Source: ANN)Compilation of Uchuu Senkan Yamato 2202: Ai no Senshi-tachi. Jiang Hao Yi, a normal, high school student who is extremely scared of getting into trouble, suddenly becomes the Harem King of his school when a bunch of beautiful girls confess to him! Unfortunately for Jian Hao, he doesn't know any of the girls who have confessed to him... What on Earth is happening?Ura Ex, extra short anime included in Blu-ray and the DVD releases of Ao no Exorcist. Nian Bing is the son of a fire mage and an ice mage. After both of his parents were killed by the Ice Lord, Nian Bing received both of his parents' magic gems. When Nian Bing was trying to escape from the Ice Lord's followers, he managed to cast both fire and ice magic at the same time. An impossible feat for a mage. He fell from the cliff, unconscious, and was saved by an oldman. After he woke up, the oldman gave him a food so delicious he never tasted before. It turned out that the oldman was a genius chef, once called a spirit chef. And he wants Nian Bing to be his disciple no matter what! Is Nian Bing able to seek vengeance while aiming to become the greatest chef?(Source: MU)Story is about the girl Jang Geum who wants to be a cook. She gets accepted as a palace servant. Clever and cheerful Jang Geum quickly finds friends. But all to soon she encounters intrigue and corruption. A Korean/Japanese joint production.Second season of Jang Geum's Dream.The anime talks about a little boy, Randy, whose dog, Chacha, died in an accident and was reincarnated into a living toy car. Each episode is told like the chapter of a storybook, where Randy learns a valuable thing in life with his cartoonish and goofy friend Chacha. Randy meets several friends in his neighbourhood, such as Catherine, the tall blonde girl in red long socks who rides a bicycle, or Mary, a little hot-tempered brunette girl dressed as a maid and who carries around a mop.(Source: ANN)One year after the fight with the Innovators, a new terrorist organization called the Detectors threatens the world using LBXs. Ban joins up with new and old friends to stop the Detectors.(Source: ANN)Demons exist and their power is beyond what humans can fathom. In fact they are so strong that humans do not stand a chance against them in a fight. The only thing strong enough to defeat a demon is another demon and it is trough this logic that Ryo Asuka hatches the plan to have his good-hearted friend Akira Fudo possessed by a demon. If a person is of pure of heart then he might be able to control the demon that posses him and thereby acquire power equal to a demon. After raising some hell in a club the plan works and Akira is possessed by the powerful demon known as Amon. Now Akira is humanities sole champion of justice against the hidden demon menace that has plagued humanity since the dawn of time.(Source: ANN)On their way back from the 18th floor, Hestia, Bell, and the others accidentally uncover a hidden, mystical hot spring, and they decide to stop by to refresh themselves until creatures lurking in the dark appear to attack them.After Junpei botched the second attempt to transport back to Japan, the four embark their journey once again to collect runes imprinted on skin of Elven females by stripping them. Celsia is cursed into the form of another animal this time.(Source: ANN)Three hundred years ago, a genetic experiment gone wrong caused the mutation of all forests on Earth. Armed with consciousness, the vegetation sought to destroy all of humankind, and the war that ensued turned the planet into a hellish dystopia.In the present day, Agito, a young boy, lives with his father in Neutral City—a village maintaining an uneasy truce with the neighboring forest. One day, Agito, on his way to collect water, becomes separated from his friend and stumbles upon a relic of the past: a girl sleeping in a mysterious machine.Agito awakens the girl, Toola Cm Sacl, and introduces her to the village. But outside forces have ulterior motives for the girl, who holds the key to restore the Earth. Misguided by Shunack, a soldier from the old world hellbent on destroying the forest, Toola follows him despite Agito's warning. Determined to save Toola and unify humankind with the forest, Agito borrows the power of the forest and pursues her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Gudetama, an egg that is dead to the world and completely lacks motivation. No matter what cooking method you use, Gudetama remains unmoved.(Source: ANN)Two years have passed since the EL-Divers incident, and the popularity of the game Gunpla Battle Nexus Online (GBN) has continued to skyrocket. With the addition of exciting new features such as missions and story events, the GBN experience is more immersive than ever before. Amidst the player base, a user known as Hiroto Kuga has been gaining notoriety for his top-notch skills.Through a series of coincidences, Hiroto meets three other players: the boastful Kazami Torimachi, the mysterious May, and the timid Parviz. Forming the "BUILD DiVERS," the unlikely group sets on a story mission rumored to carry bountiful in-game rewards. Together, the BUILD DiVERS must confront their own weaknesses as they join arms in a journey that may very well transcend the existence of GBN itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At Sankt Porto, the spaceships of the Amerian Army suddenly come under attack. The space colony nation of Towasanga has begun its "Reconguista" operation, whose goal is a return to Earth. As four powers from Earth and space gather at Sankt Porto, asserting their respective claims and fighting for their causes, Aida decides to head for Towasanga with Bellri and her comrades in order to seek the truth. In Towasanga, on the far side of the Moon, shocking facts will be revealed to Bellri and Aida...(Source: AllTheAnime)Hot Spring-themed OVA of Haiyore! Nyaruko-san W.New Hakuoki OVA.After being abused by her mother physically and mentally Asuka gets taken in by her grandparents. Slowly she learns her own worth as a human being and overcomes many obstacles. Sickly but optimistic middle school student Nodoka Hanadera has just moved to Sukoyaka City, a place famous for its healthy atmosphere. She immediately befriends two of her classmates: the gentle but athletic Chiyu Sawaizumi, whose family runs a hot spring inn, and the bubbly and fashionable daughter of a vet, Hinata Hiramitsu.Soon after arriving, Nodoka finds an ill puppy in a forest, surrounded by three magical talking animals: Rabbirin, Penguitan, and Nyatoran. They tell her that the puppy, Princess Latte, can only be cured by defeating a nearby monster known as a "Mega Byogen" and purifying the land it has corrupted. Despite being powerless, Nodoka refuses to give up and let Latte suffer. Moved by her determination, Rabbirin forms a pact with Nodoka, allowing her to transform into a hero known as a Precure. Assuming the persona of  "Cure Grace," the energized Nodoka fights off the Byogen and heals the earth, curing Latte.As the Byogen and their leaders continue their attacks, Penguitan and Nyatoran also find their partners in Chiyu and Hinata, giving them the powers of "Cure Fontaine" and "Cure Sparkle" respectively. Now, it's up to the three Precure and their animal friends to stop the Byogen and protect the earth from their infections![Written by MAL Rewrite]One day, aliens from the planet Pict launch a devastating invasion on Earth. Their sole purpose is to transform all of humanity into "Noppera"—featureless creatures with plain white skin, glowing antennae, and no face. This prompts the world's nations to counterattack, but they are all ultimately defeated, as they each launched their offensives separately. And so, both the Allied and Axis nations of Hetalia Axis Powers Movie: Paint it, White must band together and unite their powers to stop the alien invasion and save their planet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pilot film released on the HIDORI official channel to garner interest for the Kickstarter of the upcoming Hidari stop-motion movie. There are rumors that one of Kamome Academy's Seven Mysteries, Hanako-kun, has gained an assistant: first-year high school student Nene Yashiro. Together, Hanako and Yashiro investigate the school's many mysteries, keeping the balance between humans and the supernatural. But in their free time, the two can often be found goofing off, engaging in various antics involving Yashiro's schoolmates and the lurking spectral entities that normal people cannot see.[Written by MAL Rewrite]During a Literature Club meeting, the four club members—along with their faculty adviser's niece—suddenly find themselves with supernatural powers. Now capable of fabricating black flames, resident chuunibyou Jurai Andou is the most ecstatic about their new abilities; unfortunately, his own is only for show and unable to accomplish anything of substance. Moreover, he is completely outclassed by those around him: fellow club member Tomoyo Kanzaki manipulates time, Jurai's childhood friend Hatoko Kushikawa wields control over the five elements, club president Sayumi Takanashi can repair both inanimate objects and living things, and their adviser's niece Chifuyu Himeki is able to create objects out of thin air.However, while the mystery of why they received these powers looms overhead, very little has changed for the Literature Club. The everyday lives of these five superpowered students continue on, albeit now tinged with the supernatural.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Jaku-Chara Tomozaki-kun.Jarinko Chie is a movie directed by Takahata in 1981. Based on the very popular manga by Etsumi HARUKI, it is about ten year old Chie, "the most unfortunate girl in Japan", who manages her family diner while her unemployed yakuza father and her mother are separated. This sounds really depressing, but it's actually a very funny comedy. The story is set in Osaka, which has a totally different culture from Tokyo. After the success of the movie, a TV series was made, and Takahata worked as the chief director.(Source: nausicaa.net)The demon Jashin-chan has been summoned to Earth by Yurine Hanazono, a girl with a knack for the occult. Unfortunately, Yurine does not actually know how to send Jashin-chan back to Hell. Now stuck on Earth, she must live at Yurine's apartment as her familiar.The only way for Jashin-chan to return would be to kill her summoner, but this is easier said than done for the incompetent demon. Since Jashin-chan is immortal and can regenerate her body, Yurine does not hold back in attacking her with a range of weapons, punishing her in gruesome manners for her evil schemes. Jashin-chan is also often visited by her demon friends: the kindhearted Gorgon Medusa and the energetic minotaur Minosu, who seem much more well-behaved in contrast, and disapprove of her plans to kill Yurine.Jashin-chan Dropkick is a comedy focusing on these two reluctant roommates and their bizarre antics as they get by with their cat-and-mouse relationship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A stubborn girl on a mysterious island, her dreams of becoming a martial artist, and her complicated love story.(Source: Livechart)Following the original TV series, the story tells the efforts of Momiji Gakuen, Chacha's rival school principal, to discover what is so special about Urara Gakuen students and what she could do to "produce" the best students.Rugby is a sport where anybody can be a star when they hold the ball. The rules are simple: one player has to carry the ball past the goalposts across the field while avoiding the other team, who are allowed to use all their force to knock the enemy down. However, the player can pass to a teammate behind them or kick the ball before they are tackled. Unlike other sports, the game continues even when the person holding the ball is taken down.Kenji Gion is a short but feisty high school freshman at Kanagawa High School. Right after the school's opening ceremony, he meets the tall and timid Sumiaki Iwashimizu, and the two of them get an invitation to observe the rugby club. When Gion watches the match, he realizes that even though big and tall guys have an advantage, there are positions for people of all shapes and sizes. Immediately convinced that he has found a sport he can excel at despite his short stature, he signs up, though Iwashimizu declines. Gion is unable to accept Iwashimizu's excuses and drags him back into the sport. Their training becomes intense as they aim to become the champions of Hanazono, the national high school rugby championships.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Story of a young boy named Kakeru and his adventures together with a magical blue pony named Blink.Tortov Roddle is a man of few words on a journey through a calm and obscure new land, interacting with its inhabitants along the way. As he rides on his long-legged pig through the desert from town to town, he observes the interesting and quirky customs of the locals and reminisces about his past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]About to enter junior high school, Karada Iokawa is a cheerful and reliable girl, who hates being treated as a child more than anything. After her parents' deaths, her older brother, Hiro, comes back from studying abroad to take care of her. His ex-girlfriend Shouko Nogami, a composed yet sometimes childish and stubborn young woman, follows him to Japan in order to find out why he left her. Between the two girls, the atmosphere is tense, which eventually leads to Shouko calling Karada childish.Later, Karada stands before a shrine praying to grow up. Little does she know that the shrine wishing stone would grant her wish. As Karada grows older, at the same time, Shouko, who happens to be nearby, finds herself a child once again. With their ages now reversed, Shouko and Karada must come to terms with one another and ultimately themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In this short movie featuring familiar characters from Azumanga Daioh, Osaka is yet again having a strange dream of Chiyo-Chan's pigtails being posessed. As Chiyo-Chan's pigtails bounce out of the window, who knows if young Chiyo will ever be happy again.(Source: ANN)Special included in the Code Geass: Boukoku no Akito 2 BD/DVD release.Set in the year 2100 where the world is tied together by a computer network. The children of the world become Web Divers, adapting their consciousnesses into data, and love to play together in the cyber park called Magical Gate. However, a mysterious computer virus appears beginning to destroy Magical Gate from the inside out. In cyberspace, programs called Web Knights have been created to protect the children. But, the computer virus has turned all the Web Knights against the children. The only Web Knight to escape the "brainwashing" is Gladion. Gladion seeks the help of Kaito Yuki, a Web Diver who is in the fourth grade. (Source: ANN)The prologue for ef - a tale of memories, released on a separate DVD two months before the premiere of the TV series.Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage. (Source: ANN)Shikidouji, the illustrator of Shoji Gatoh's Full Metal Panic! light novel series, revealed that production has been green-lit on a "director's cut" version of the first Full Metal Panic!! television anime series from 2002. The director's cut will consist of three films. The announcement does not state if the film trilogy will add new footage. (Source: ANN)A new OVA for the idol girls series Futsuu no Joshikousei ga [Locodol] Yatte Mita. has been announced on the anime’s official Twitter. The news was first given at the 2nd Early Summer Nagarekawa Festival which took place at the Differ Ariake Arena in Tokyo today, and consisted of live events including the main cast of the anime.(Source: MAL News)In Japan's economic bubble years during the 1980s, a long-serving furniture-style television set made in the 1960s is abandoned at a junkyard. It attempts to escape from its new surroundings.Mary Bell, a magical girl who looks like a girl around five years old, comes to the human world from a magical world called "Flower Magic World", and helps and encourages people.(Source: Wikipedia)Mizuki Ichijo is a junior student at Kosen high school. Her grandmother was a medium and she experiences various psychic and mysterious phenomena which occur at the school: accidents, suicides, bullying, resentment, romance and more. She is befriended by the third year student Meiko Tsukikage, and together they attempt to solve the mysteries.(Source: Wikipedia)Dreaming of becoming a top-tier professional in the fast-paced, competitive world of voice acting, rookie Futaba Ichinose frantically scurries around, searching for auditions and performance sessions. Rubbing elbows with some of the biggest names in the industry, she tries to find her own unique voice and style.Along the way, she befriends two important allies: Ichigo Moesaki, an aspiring idol who claims to be a princess from another planet, and Rin Kohana, a cheerful child actress who tries her best to balance her career and school at the same time. Together, the girls brave the ups and downs of the entertainment industry—but as for Futaba, whose performance assessment at her agency is just around the corner, her career might be over sooner than expected! Sore ga Seiyuu! is a humorous and sincere celebration of the industry that gives anime its voice.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a distant future there is an organization called Deava which had to fight against the so called "Shadow Angels", creatures that had survived for over 12,000 years whose only purpose was to destroy humanity. Apollo, a seemingly normal human, was in fact the reincarnation of a fallen Angel called Apollonius, who in turn had to fight against Touma, a Shadow Angel, along with his comrades in order to prevent the destruction of the Earth.(Source: ANN)Following Natsuki Enomoto's confession rehearsals with Yuu Setoguchi, their younger siblings Kotarou and Hina struggle to confess their own love. Despite a disastrous first meeting in middle school with her upperclassman Koyuki Ayase, Hina’s heart is captured by his warm smile. Initially confused by these newfound feelings, Hina soon realizes that she has fallen in love for the very first time.Chasing after her brother Yuu and her crush Koyuki, Hina also enrolls in Sakuragaoka High School; but the threads of love are far-reaching, and they entangle Hina and her friends. Boisterous but sensitive, Hina hopes to confess her feelings to the tender-hearted Koyuki. Meanwhile, Kotarou, oblivious to his own feelings for her, is determined to always keep Hina smiling.Suki ni Naru Sono Shunkan wo.: Kokuhaku Jikkou linkai follows Hina, Kotarou, and Koyuki in high school. Their youthful love forges new relationships, but also threatens to break others.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Musashi lives with his father. His mother left them three years ago. Musashi believes she will come back to them. One day they move from Tokyo to a village in the countryside. Musashi hates living in the countryside and asks his father to take him back to Tokyo. He wonders if his mother will be able to find him in their new home.Soon after moving to the countryside, Musashi happens to see a man fishing for bass with a decoy fish. Musashi is fascinated by lure fishing. He learns a lot from the man, and discovers that his mother's father was a grand champion of bass fishing. Musashi feels that fishing could lead him to his missing mother. He shows a marvelous talent for lure fishing and takes trips to many places around the world in search of various incredible fish. Through fishing, Musashi comes to enjoy living amongst nature.(Source: Official Site)Second part of Synduality: NoirSummer arrives to Bokuto Station. Miyuki and Natsumi have to work on a beach road protecting the safety of the civilians that are enjoying their summer vacations. Suffering because of the hot, the two officers were having problems to remain calm, but then, some pickpocket appeared on the beach causing a ruckus. The girls will do their best to catch the thief, control the traffic and enjoy their summer day.Mitsuomi Takayanagi and Maya Natsume both want to become stronger. On there way to becoming the best they learn that there are many things going on behind the scenes, and Shin, Maya's brother, may be the cause of all of it. Mitsuomi feels that he is the only one that can stop him. A retelling of what happened in the past of tenjou tenge, in movie form. (Source: ANN)Aoba Riku has just transferred to a new high school because of his father's job, and things aren't quite what he expected. The headmaster's secretary controls the school while espousing the virtues of academic freedom, the teachers are even stranger than normal teachers, and half the student body is walking around with animal ears on. On his very first day, Riku is unfortunate enough to find himself at the center of the student council's latest event, which has him running for his life. All this on top of the normal high school rigour of popularity contests, crushes, and homework makes it unsure whether Riku will be able to survive this new school.(Source: ANN)In Japanese folklore, a "tsukumogami" is an object that has gained a soul, becoming alive and self-aware. There are two types of tsukumogami: the mature "tsugumomo," who have developed through long years of harmony with their owners, and the aberrant "amasogi," premature spirits that are only born to grant the destructive wishes of certain people.Kazuya Kagami has never gone without his mother's obi after her death. Be it at home or school, he keeps it safe with him at all times. One day, he nearly loses his life when a wig amasogi attacks him. When all seems to be over, his treasured obi defends him, transforming into a beautiful girl. She introduces herself as Kiriha, a tsugumomo owned by Kazuya's mother. With Kiriha's arrival, Kazuya enters a reality he has never seen before, a world with gods and tsukumogami.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Considered as the third installment in the highly popular When They Cry series by 07th Expansion, Umineko no Naku Koro ni takes place on the island of Rokkenjima, owned by the immensely wealthy Ushiromiya family. As customary per year, the entire family is gathering on the island for a conference that discusses the current financial situations of each respective person. Because of the family head's poor health, this year involves the topic of the head of the family's inheritance and how it will be distributed.However, the family is unaware that the distribution of his wealth is the least of Ushiromiya Kinzou's (family head) concerns for this year's family conference. After being told that his end was approaching by his longtime friend and physician, Kinzou is desperate to meet his life's true love one last time: the Golden Witch, Beatrice. Having immersed himself in black magic for many of the later years in his life, Kinzou instigates a ceremony to revive his beloved upon his family's arrival on Rokkenjima. Soon after, a violent typhoon traps the family on the island and a string of mysterious murders commence, forcing the eighteen people on the island to fight for their lives in a deadly struggle between fantasy and reality.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The gateway to Idol stardom might have opened for the newly formed singing group Wake Up, Girls, but the path to fame is full of perils and pitfalls. And for Mayu, Airi, Minami, Yoshino, Nanami, Kaya and Miyu, it's going to be especially difficult knowing who to trust, as their manager Matsuda's lack of experience could give other, less scrupulous, individuals a chance to take advantage.That's a situation that quickly comes to a head when Green Leaves' president suddenly disappears with most of the money, and things only get worse when the replacement producer seems more interested in getting the girls into revealing swimsuits than promoting their music.As malicious gossip begins to surface regarding Mayu's past membership in a rival group, and internal tensions begin to tear the team apart, they'll need more than just ambition to survive. Singing may be a business, but friendship and a love of music is what will keep everything together.(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Naoya Mukai's crazy lifestyle of balancing his time between both of his girlfriends, Saki Saki and Nagisa Minase, is still as hectic as ever. Additionally, the blonde bombshell Rika Hoshizaki also has her sights on Naoya, complicating his already convoluted love life.As if things could not get more ridiculous, another girl inserts herself into the situation: Shino Kiryuu, who is determined to end Naoya's two-timing and ensure Saki's happiness. However, Shino harbors secret feelings for Naoya—a longing she believes she must forsake—yet simply cannot due to the deep attraction he inspires.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An OVA bundled with the limited edition of the tankobon of the Kyou no Go no Ni manga. The staff and the cast of the OVA are the same as those of the Kyou no Go no Ni TV anime.Third season of Ling Jian Zun.Millie Nocturne has one great goal in life: to be the best in the universe - at absolutely everything! But when she tries her hand at being the "best detective," she ends up an unwilling partner with two people who will change her life forever: Kane Blueriver, the psi-blade-wielding master of the starship Swordbreaker, and Canal, the smart-mouthed holographic image of the ship's computer.Join this unlikely trio on their adventures as they hurtle through space facing off against intergalactic crime lords, rogue starships, and hijackers dressed as chickens... and that's just the tip of the asteroid! (Source: RightStuf)The Walpurgis Royal Academy of Machinart was founded alongside the development of "Machinart," machine magic capable of giving life and intelligence to mechanical dolls subsequently called as "automaton." Its aim: train skilled puppeteers to control the automatons, as militaries across the globe have begun incorporating Machinart into their armies.After miserably failing the academy's entrance exams, Raishin Akabane and his humanoid automaton Yaya must defeat one of the top one hundred students to earn the right to take part in the Evening Party, a fight for supremacy between puppeteers using their automatons. The last one standing is bestowed the title of "Wiseman" and granted access to the powerful forbidden arts.Thus, Raishin challenges Charlotte Belew and her automaton Sigmund to a duel, but before they even begin, Sigmund is attacked by other students. After saving his opponents from their assaulters, Raishin cancels the duel but is forced to search for a new way to gain access to the Party. Driven by the tragedies of his past, Raishin fights alongside Yaya to rise to the top and claim the title of Wiseman.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Suguru and his classmates prepare for a maid café to celebrate the town's anniversary. Meanwhile, Minawa is attacked by robots. Mahoro tries to save Minawa and help Suguru and his classmates prepare for the maid café."Beatrice". It is a mysterious power that responds to people’s will and realize all of them. Tokyo Beatrice University Attached High School is the only school that teaches Beatrice called "magic appears in the real world".Yoshimura Mamoru is a high school boy who was saved by Beatrice miraculously when he was a child. At the first day of the school, he meets a girl under the cherry trees on his way to the school. She orders him to go out with her.Her name is Takasu Ayako. She is in the second grade and one year older than him. She is a director of student committee of discipline. Also, she is a granddaughter of a big-name politician, very beautiful, and a genius Beatrician who can even shoot a satellite down. She is called Witch Beatrice or Death Angel in Beatrice, but in fact, she is a pure-hearted girl.(Source: AnimeNfo)Mei Ayazuki is just your ordinary, everyday high-school girl. That is until one night, when the moon is full and red, she’s transported through time to the Meiji Period by Charlie, a self-proclaimed magician.She ends up in a strange, Meiji-era ‘Tokyo’ where the existence of ghosts is accepted. Led by Charlie, she finally arrives at the Rokumeikan. There, waiting for her to arrive, are the historical figures Ougai Mori, Shunsou Hishida, Otojirou Kawakami, Kyouka Izumi, Gorou Fujita, Yakumo Koizumi, and Tousuke Iwasaki.Whilst interacting with these men, she discovers she is a Tamayori - someone who can see ghosts - a skill that is highly valued in the Meiji Period. Due to these powers, her relationship with the men begins to change… As she gets to know these handsome men in a new era she just can’t get used to, a love begins to grow within her.Will Mei be able to return to her time? What will become of her love - a love that crosses the boundaries of time and space? (Source: Honey's Anime)After participating in a lucky draw, Hakuya Mitsumine wins first prize: tickets for a trip to a hot spring of his choice. Hakuya's sister, Mashiro, wishes to visit a specific hot spring in a village surrounded by intriguing rumors about alleged sightings of mysterious creatures in its area. Supportive of his sister's pick, Hakuya, along with Mashiro and a few friends, heads to the village. When the group ventures into a dark forest determined to catch a glimpse of the creatures, their pursuit is instead hindered by multiple uncanny mishaps. Strayed from what was supposed to be a simple goal, the group is determined to find the creatures or else they will return home with their curiosity dissatisfied.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nanako is a young girl who unexpectedly acquires supernatural powers and at the same time loses her past memory. By accident, a scientific genius called Marlow, is present when she acquires her powers. Marlow is an industrious high school boy with extraordinary ambitions. He talks to Nanako into joining his detective agency by promising to help her regain her memory. Nanako innocently believes him, but Marlow's real intent is to use her powers to benefit his agency and himself.The story unfolds as Nanako encounters a variety of dangerous missions and mysterious events, but her natural sunny disposition helps her through all the incidents as she solves each mystery one after the other.(Source: Wikipedia)Tsuwabuki is a normal student, though not very social. One day he meets a new transfer student, named Sumomo Akihime, and another girl, both the only members of the gardening club. Tsuwabuki is forced by a teacher to join this club. But then he bumps into a strange guy with dog ears, switching his drink with they guy's by mistake. Drinking it, he is turned in a stuffed animal. The teacher tells him that the only way to turn back to normal is to find the chosen girl and let her catch the seven stardrops. This girl is Sumomo, that accepts to help him, though she's not allowed to know the animal's true identity. (Source: ANN)In the war, a group of warriors called Ninku fought against the Imperial Army and almost annihilated it. But in the end, the Ninku lost and got shattered. After the war, the imperial army established themselves as the defender of the people with the help of propaganda. They also managed to get the people to think the Ninku were the villains and had started the war. Fusuke looks like a child but he is the former captain of the first Ninku division. His mother was taken during the war and after the Ninku were defeated, he goes on a journey to find her. On his journey he meets Aicho and Touji, both also former Ninku captains, and together they fight against the imperial army that tries to kill the last remaining Ninkus.The ninku is a clan of extinct ninjas who command esoteric and powerful techniques, hence a lot of other groups are constantly trying to steal their techniques to take over the country. Their primary target is Fusuke, a weird looking kid but one of the most powerful Ninku ninja. Fusuke, together with other Ninku ninja with different specialties must fight those threat that caused the downfall of the Ninku clan.(Source: ANN)Extra short anime featuring Holo from BD volumes 1 and 2.Teppei, brought up by his father in the mountains, is an energetic boy who is as tough as weeds and acts as free as a bird. His life changes completely when he enrolls in high school, the first school he has ever attended. Despite his eccentric behavior and being a constant source of troubles, he is soon recognized for his talent in sports—especially in Kendo (the Japanese swordplay art)—and becomes the school's hero.(Source: Nippon Animation)In ages long forgotten, when Earth found itself on a collision course with a meteor, Legendary Pokémon Arceus used its power to avert the danger. However, this feat caused the 16 Plates surrounding it to scatter across the world. Without the Plates providing Arceus with life energy, it began to die. A human named Damon managed to find one of the Plates and returned it to the moribund Pokémon, helping it recover. As a reward, Arceus created the Jewel of Life and gave it to the people of Michina Town, stipulating that it must be returned, but the humans refused, hogging the Jewel to themselves. In the battle that ensued, Damon was killed and Arceus went into slumber, vowing to punish humanity upon its return.Satoshi and his companions arrive in Michina Town where they come across Sheena, a descendant of Damon, who claims to be in possession of the Jewel of Life and intends on giving it back to Arceus when it awakens.The situation takes an unexpected turn when Arceus, despite Sheena's best intentions, remains unsatisfied. Satoshi must now prevent the destruction of the entire human race, as Arceus' fury causes distortions in the fabric of the universe, enraging the Legendary trio—Dialga, Palkia, and Giratina—and disturbing the world's balance.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.In the continent of Astraea, a man falls from the sky, possessing no memories other than his name, Yuuki. An elf named Kokkoro finds him, introducing herself as his guide in the world they are about to traverse. With Kokkoro's guidance, Yuuki is able to learn how this world works, from battling monsters to handling currency.To earn money for their journey, Yuuki and Kokkoro decide to go to a nearby guild association to accept a simple quest. In their expedition, they meet Pecorine, a somewhat gluttonous but charming girl skilled in battle. The next day, they also meet Karyl, a cat girl specializing in magic.After some time, a bond of friendship and camaraderie forms between them, and the four decide to create a guild of their own. As they continue their adventures, they explore the world, meet new people, and will perhaps uncover the mysteries behind Yuuki's missing memories.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Strange suicides have been taking place in New York. One day, four girls from the same high school wake up in the morning feeling tired and dizzy and not being able to remember anything about the previous night. In school, they find out that one of their classmates has committed suicide. School is canceled for the rest of the day, but instead of going home, the girls are drawn to a park by butterflies only they can see. Suddenly a man and a woman approach the girls, telling them that they all died the previous night. (Source: ANN)The story revolves around Maya, the daughter of the former Headmaster of Waldstein Academy, and a time traveling agent Fumiaki Uchida. In the year 2012, the world had been invaded by aliens and time travelers were sent back to the year 1999 in order to find and destroy the Nostradamus Key, which Nostradamus Prophecy foretold as what would bring about the apocalypse. The series then turns to the year 1999, where Maya returns to the Academy with the intention of destroying the Academy by superseding her late father's position as the principal. Her plan was interrupted when she meets Fumiaki and learns of the forthcoming destruction. Despite being distrusting towards Fumiaki, they form a pact to look for the Nostradamus Key.In order to find the Nostradamus Key, time agents were provided with specially created cell phones. When a user finds an object of interest, by thinking of destroying it and taking a photo, and if the resulting image is that of a peaceful world, then the subject is the Nostradamus Key. Conversely, if the subject is not the Nostradamus Key, then the photo displays destruction. By using the phone, Maya and Fumiaki investigates occult occurrences as they occur in the town.(Source: Wikipedia)Asuta Jimon, a runaway, is wandering the streets at night when he has a chance encounter with a young girl collapsed beside her tricycle. After he offers her some food, she is moved by his kindness and asks him to join her organization, offering him a face mask and a sweet bun. In need of a place to stay, Asuta decides to play along and accepts her offer, adopting the nickname "Dva." Little does Dva know, this cute girl is Kate Hoshimiya, the leader of Zvezda, a secret organization bent on world conquest. However, he soon realizes the true weight of her words as peculiar happenings rope him deeper into Zvezda and its eccentric members—the samurai-like vanguard Itsuka Shikabane, tech-genius Natalia "Natasha" Vasylchenko, troublesome Yasubee "Yasu" Morozumi, ex-gangster Gorou Shikabane, and multi-purpose robot Roboko Tsujii. With "White Light," a powerful organization of justice, and the entire Japanese government against them, can Zvezda really dominate all humanity and let their light shine throughout the world?[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Kusano's first errand" - A ten minute OVA that came along with the 6th vol. limited edition of Sekirei. Kusano finally tires of nobody admitting her as Sahashi's potential wife, so she insists on joining Musubi and Tsukiumi on their shopping race to show her abilities. An iffy day ensues.Tsubasa Kazanari and Kanade Amou—the idol duo known as Zwei Wing—use their songs to power ancient weapons known as "symphogears" to combat a deadly alien race called the "Noise." While the general public is aware of the Noise's existence, knowledge of the symphogears are kept a secret. When the Noise attack one of Zwei Wing's concerts, Kanade sacrifices herself to protect a young girl named Hibiki Tachibana, leaving Tsubasa devastated and a fragment of her symphogear embedded within Hibiki.Two years pass and Hibiki is once again dragged into a Noise attack. While rescuing a young girl who has been left behind during the evacuation, she awakens the power of Kanade's symphogear lying within her. Although Tsubasa still grieves over the loss of Kanade, both girls must now learn to work together using their powers to defend humanity against the Noise.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on a manga by Mitsunaga Yasunori, serialised in Monthly Shounen Sirius.Hiyorimi Hiro moves to a new city to live with his older sister, but dies before he can find her. He then awakens to a new life as a servant of a Princess of the Monster Realm, who just happens to be employing his sister. Monsters soon appear to attack or pester the princess since she is in line for the royal throne, and Hiro must protect her with his life (and repeated deaths).(Soure: ANN)For more than 30 years, Dariel has been a loyal soldier in the Demon King's army, having been raised by Granbarza, one of the Four Heavenly Generals. However, as Dariel lacks any magical potential, he is nothing but a disgrace in the eyes of Granbarza's son, Bashbarza, who fires Dariel right after assuming his father's position as a general.Stripped of a home and a job, Dariel wanders the forests, where he stumbles upon a human girl named Malika running from a monster. After Dariel intervenes to help Malika, she invites him to stay at her village in return. There, he discovers that the reason he has zero suitability for magic as a demon is that he is, in fact, a human.However, Dariel is no ordinary human. Possessing potential that far outweighs even heroes, Dariel may soon find himself involved in the humans and demons' seemingly never-ending conflict, facing against the race he once considered allies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The second season of Kodomo no Jikan.One day, class 3-E of Kunugigaoka Magic School receives a special mission: to kill their homeroom teacher, the Demon King Koro-sensei. To increase their chances of succeeding, the class searches for the three most powerful warriors—Karma Akabane, Itona Horibe, and Ritsu—who later join their company. Even with their help, accomplishing the mission becomes an insurmountable task as they are not the only ones after the Demon King's life.Koro-sensei Quest! tells the comedic adventures of Nagisa Shiota and class 3-E as chibi magical students. Trained by none other than their very target, the students encounter challenging, yet hilarious situations all through the perilous mission of defeating the Demon King.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the far future, humans abandon a devastated Earth and traveled to outer space. However, due to unknown phenomenon that prevents them from traveling into space, humanity returns to Earth only to find it inhospitable except for Japan.To accommodate the entire human population, pocket dimensions are created around Japan to house in the populace. In order to find a way to return to outer space, the humans began reenacting human history according to the Holy book Testament. But in the year 1413 of the Testament Era, the nations of the pocket dimensions invade and conquer Japan, dividing the territory into feudal fiefdoms and forcing the original inhabitants of Japan to leave.It is now the year 1648 of the Testament Era, the refugees of Japan now live in the city ship Musashi, where it constantly travels around Japan while being watched by the Testament Union, the authority that runs the re-enactment of history. However, rumors of an apocalypse and war begin to spread when the Testament stops revealing what happens next after 1648.Taking advantage of this situation, Toori Aoi, head of Musashi Ariadust Academy's Supreme Federation and President of the student council, leads his fellow classmates to use this opportunity to regain their homeland.(Source: Wikipedia)Stolen from the famous "secret" Air Force base, Area 51, Lupin's most recently stolen treasure holds a secret. Four "Bloody Angels," the toughest women Lupin has ever faced, want the treasure for their own terrorist purposes. Meanwhile Zenigata teams up with a female police officer to hunt Lupin and the terrorists down.(Source: ANN)Taro Sado is a high school student who lives his day to day life with a big secret—he's a masochist! Encouraged by his cross-dressing best friend Tatsukichi Hayama, Taro asks the Second Voluntary Club for help with his problem and ends up joining the club after they vow to "fix" him.However, it turns out that all of the members of the club have some serious issues. The club leader Mio Isurugi is a self-designated god who is afraid of cats, Arashiko Yuuno has a severe fear of men, and the club advisor Michiru Onigawara is a sadist who enjoys making people cosplay. Together with other wacky characters such as Yumi Mamiya, a talented masseuse and Yuuno's best friend, and Noa Hiiragi, the president of the invention club, they all learn about the importance of acceptance and kindness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Join the table with Valkyries this summer for a feast of mouth-watering food and heartwarming memories.A world blanketed in an endless and ever-growing ocean of snow. The people eke out a living, either huddled around the roots of enormous trees dotting the surface, or high in the canopy, which spreads over the planet's atmosphere.A chance meeting between Kaina, a youth from the canopy, and Ririha, a young woman from the surface, sets off a chain of events that will change the fate of the world. (Source: Polygon Pictures)The animation is based on the fairy tale of the same name with the local sale over 100,000 copies by Jeong Chae-bong, a writer well known for his innocent and heart-stirring tales. It is a story about two orphans, Gil-son, a five-year-old boy, and his blind sister Gam-i who are brought up by a charitable monk at a secluded temple in Mt. Seorak. Gil-son, a mischievous boy, is the guide for this hour-long travel in search of innocence. Having a pure heart, he befriends all living things and communicates with clouds, birds and flowers. One snowy day, however... Mizuho can't believe his ears when Grandpa's will is read out. Grandpa's final wish is for Mizuho to attend the same academy as Mizuho's mother. The catch is it's an all-girls school. With the help of friend Mariya however, he gets a makeover good enough to fool everyone at the academy. (Source: ANN)Photon Earth is a young and gentle boy with superhuman strength and "Baka" (meaning "idiot" in Japanese) scribbled on his forehead (apparently by his troublemaking friend Aun Freya). One day, he finds himself engaged to the beautiful fugitive pilot Keyne Acqua after writing "baka" on her forehead. And that's the least of his worries as he must protect both Aun and Keyne from the evil Papacharino, who seeks to steal the secrets of "Aho" (another word for idiot) energy from Keyne's grandfather's ship.(Source: ANN)Long ago in the nine provinces of Kyushu, a calamitous event was prophesied to take place: falling comets would exhaust the spiritual energies of both the heavens and the lands and thus bring about an age of chaos upon the world. But contrary to the prophecy, the comets passed by with no calamity taking place. At the same time, as if touched by the phenomenon, a boy was born in a remote village of the Sokei region by the name of Ouriku.Twelve years later, as the memories of the event have faded from people's minds, the Reikenzan clan—one of the five supreme sects of the nine provinces—decides to hold an examination in order to gather the most talented individuals fit to become disciples and eventually sages. Hearing about this news, Ouriku and his servant Ouchou head toward the site, unaware that the organizer Oubu, despite her elegant appearance, is infamous for being extremely irresponsible and carefree; hence, making the trials in the examination unpredictable.Reikenzan: Hoshikuzu-tachi no Utage follows the story of Ouriku as he journeys through these trials to become a powerful sage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Struggling yet brilliant 19-year-old Minato Sahashi has failed his college entrance exams for the second time, resulting in him being regarded as worthless by those around him. However, the course of his seemingly bleak future is altered dramatically when a beautiful, supernatural woman falls from the sky and into his life. That woman, Musubi, is a unique being known as a "Sekirei," a humanoid extraterrestrial with extraordinary abilities. These aliens are known for kissing humans carrying the Ashikabi gene in order to awaken additional latent powers deep within.Recognizing the potential within the seemingly insignificant youth, Musubi kisses the bewildered Minato, initiating a bond between the two of them. This drags him into the high-stakes world of the Sekirei, where he and his new partner must compete against others in a battle for survival called the "Sekirei Plan." However, unbeknownst to the contestants, there is far more at risk that what the competition initially entailed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.An Aikatsu! All-Star awards ceremony will take place. The film will feature songs and stages featured throughout the anime series.(Source: ANN)Bundled with the limited edition tenth manga volume. It focuses on the backstory of when Satou captured the first ever Ajin in Africa and discovered that he himself is an Ajin. A short special included on the second volume of Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu Ni! Blu-ray/DVD release.A young girl named Zuru sets out on an expedition through a post-apocalyptic city controlled by machines in a desperate hunt for food. Things go awry when her team accidently triggers the city's AI defense program called the Safeguard. Attacked by the machines, her companions are on the verge of being annihilated when a mysterious man named Killy arrives and exterminates the hostile units.Despite his heroic intervention, Zuru is hesitant to trust Killy and questions his motives. He reveals to have come from thousands of levels below the city in order to find humans possessing the Net Terminal Genes—a trait that would allow humans to regain control of their civilization and shut down the Safeguard. After hearing his story, Zuru and the rest of her team join Killy and embark on a journey in search of the Genes that could prove to be mankind's last hope of survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Blue Gender takes place in the not too distant future in a world where things have gone terribly wrong for humanity. Humans have been replaced at the top of the food chain by the Blue, a race of bug-like aliens that have colonized Earth and pushed humans aside. A space station, Second Earth, has been constructed as a safe haven for humans, with the hope of one day reclaiming the Earth once more.Yuji Kaido was cryogenically frozen, having been suffering from a disease known as B-Cells. Once awakened, he joins a team of soldiers that have come to Earth to extract him. Unfortunately, nothing goes according to plan as they make their way back to Second Earth.Yuji will have to deal with the horrors of fighting a bloody war as he and the fighters from Second Earth look to survive. Will they be able to win back Earth without losing their humanity?When the Neighbor's Club struggles to find an activity to do, Kodaka Hasegawa suggests they pass the time by writing a round-robin story—a narrative where everyone takes turns writing a section. But as they begin the project, chaos ensues as every member writes the story according to their personal preferences while trying to outdo each other. At this rate, will the story ever reach a fitting conclusion?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Taking the world by storm, the card game Cardfight Vanguard has influenced many to integrate card games into their everyday lives. Players of the popular game are called "cardfighters," and they frequently battle each other in card shops. The game has inspired many people, one of which is the quiet and timid Aichi Sendou who is often ridiculed and bullied by his peers. Whenever he feels down, he takes a glance at Blaster Blade—a legendary rare card given to him when he was young—and gains the motivation to move on with his life. However, one day, school bully Katsumi Morikawa notices Aichi's treasure and snatches the card away from him. After a turn of events, Aichi soon discovers that the card is now in the hands of Toshiki Kai, a cardfighter who has become the strongest in town despite having only recently arrived. To make matters worse, Kai refuses to return the card unless Aichi defeats him in a cardfight. Much to everyone's surprise, Aichi rises up to the occasion. As he musters up his courage and pictures himself winning this decisive battle, Aichi begins to find his way into the adventurous world of Cardfight Vanguard. [Written by MAL Rewrite]The cultural festival is one of the most important events on the academic calendar. Just like all other clubs, Mizusawa's Karuta Club is preparing to participate as well. Due to previous circumstances, Team Captain Chihaya Ayase is temporarily absent during the team planning. First year student Sumire Hanano is intent on taking advantage of this occasion to fulfill her dream and finally make her teammate, Taichi Mashima, fall in love with her. A play based on Genji Monogatari might be just the thing she needs to enact her plan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Cho Hatsumei Boy Kanipan is a continued story from Hatsumei Boy Kanipan. Kanipan is now a teenager, and still a famous inventor. But one day, a mysterious ship fell from the sky and crashed at a beach. Inside was a female humanoid that has forgotten all about herself. It is up to Kanipan to revive the humanoid's memory, and he accidentally discover that his planet is in great danger as he strived.(Source: ANN)After his girlfriend Yuuko breaks up with him, Miyu Samura's luck is at an all-time low. But one day several months later, she reappears and gives Miyu a toy poodle she supposedly cannot take care of. Miyu's knowledge of dogs is nonexistent, and the puppy's rowdiness leaves him in danger of being evicted from his own home. When Miyu decides to take the puppy on a walk, he has a chance encounter with professional dog trainer Shinichirou Niwa and Niwa's well-behaved standard poodle Ourson. In just a matter of minutes, Niwa not only corrects the attitude of Miyu's dog, but also gives Miyu himself stern advice on how to treat his pet properly. Amazed by Niwa's techniques, Miyu decides to quit his job in order to become the trainer's assistant; however, Niwa is not as skillful in dealing with humans as he is with their canine companions. Even so, Miyu refuses to give up on Niwa and his failing business.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The plot revolves around a summer vacation of Nobita and his friends under the waters of Pacific Ocean. Jaian and Suneo take Doraemon's underwater vehicle and travel through the Atlantic Ocean, trying to find a treasure ship. Along the way, they discover that the environment gun that Doraemon used to protect them is running out of energy leaving them vulnerable to the sea. Fortunately, they are rescued by some marine creatures. Doraemon and his friends are later captured by these creatures, revealed to be inhabinats of the underwater kingdom of Mu. It is revealed that another undersea kingdom, Atlantis, now controlled by robots, was about to destroy the Earth with nuclear weapons after mistaking a volcano eruption for an invasion. With the help of a young boy from Mu, Nobita and his friends attempt to stop the robots, but are all captured. However, when things are at their grimmest, Doraemon's robotic underwater vehicle sacrifices itself to destroy the computer that controlled all the robots and nuclear weapons. After returning to Mu, Doraemon and his friends are hailed as heroes.(Source: Wikipedia)After bragging about receiving a space trip ticket from his father, Suneo concedes they would have to wait quite a while until they can actually go. So, Nobita and co. turns to Doraemon for it, but they were given a space simulation game to play together instead. Unfortunately an accident with another gadget occurred, leaving Suneo and Giant trapped inside the game, only to be picked up by someone from outer space. Nobita, Shizuka and Doraemon then pursued the UFO that has the game inside it which took them all to a real space adventure. (Source: ANN) No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Having just moved from Tokyo to Hokkaido, high school student Tsubasa Shiki decides to explore the picturesque winter landscape he could never experience in the nation's capital. It only takes a moment for Tsubasa's idealized view of Japan's northernmost prefecture to crumble, as the sheer cold and frigid air quickly overwhelm him. While trying to find the way to his new home, Tsubasa runs into Minami Fuyuki—a talkative and friendly Hokkaido native who, despite the cold, is wearing a short skirt. The girl wastes no time in striking up a conversation, and Tsubasa comes to realize that the winter weather is not all that is too much for him to handle.The next day, Tsubasa is shocked to learn that not only is Fuyuki in his class, but her seat is also right next to his. Swept along by Fuyuki's persistent advances, the young man soon becomes captivated by both life in Hokkaido and the beautiful girl determined to get closer to him. As he deepens his relationship with Fuyuki and meets other fashionable girls from his school, Tsubasa finds out that Hokkaido gals truly are adorable.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Earth is finally peaceful again, but this calm is short-lived. The remnants of Frieza's army, led by Sorbet and his right hand Tagoma, arrive on Earth in order to summon Shen Long with the goal of resurrecting their old master. To do so, they threaten Emperor Pilaf, Shuu, and Mai for the Dragon Balls in their possession.Once successfully revived, Frieza—who had been stoking his hatred for Gokuu Son and Future Trunks in Hell—proclaims that he will not be content until they are dead by his hand. Sorbet informs him that Future Trunks has not been heard of in years, and Gokuu's power has far surpassed even that of the mighty Majin Buu. Unfazed, Frieza responds that he only requires a few months of training before being capable of defeating Gokuu.Will Frieza be able to exact revenge upon his nemesis, or will Gokuu, Vegeta, and their friends prevail against adversity, saving Earth once more?[Written by MAL Rewrite]While only a novice performer, Nakago is given the unique opportunity to play in the popular series Fushigi Yuugi. However, being constantly bullied by favored actors Miaka Yuuki and Tamahome makes his life miserable and even causes him to have nightmares. Amid such dreadful circumstances, Nakago strives to avoid discouragement and find the motivation to continue onward.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short screened with Macross Δ Movie 2: Zettai Live!!!.Specials included with Girls & Panzer: Saishuushou Part 4 Blu-ray and DVD.Short specials included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases.Taking place one month after the events that occurred in the movie Heaven is a Place on Earth. Living at the Sanzenin Mansion once again, Nagi returns to her old ways of life, until she receives word from American authorities informing her that she has a week to pick up her late father's belongings that was indefinitely delayed due to various circumstances. After receiving news of her father whom she doesn't remember, Nagi then meets a mysterious girl (with a hidden agenda) claiming to be Nagi's little sister.The series tells a new story that is original to the anime and not directly based on the manga. The main author of the original series Kenjiro Hata personally created the original concept for the story of this anime. (Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia)A brief special where the girls pretend to be astronauts. The great Jahy will not be defeated! Simultaneously combating starvation, the lack of A/C, and the unavoidable weakness of turning child-sized, Jahy—previously the second strongest being in the Dark Realm—is under great stress. If it weren't for the destruction of the mana crystal which used to power the Dark Realm, Jahy would still be living a life of power and luxury. And yet, at the moment, brawling with the landlady over rent is a recurring event for Jahy. Just to have a place to stay and food to eat, Jahy must work part-time. However, her immense pride will not allow her to live under such poor conditions for any longer than necessary. Vowing to reinstate the Dark Realm to its former glory, Jahy continues her journey to reassemble the mana crystal.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With World War II right around the corner, intelligence on other countries' social and economic situation has become a valuable asset. As a result, Japan has established a new spy organization known as the "D Agency" to obtain this weapon.Under the command of Lieutenant Colonel Yuuki, eight agents have been assigned to infiltrate and observe some of the most powerful countries, reporting on any developments associated with the war. In order to carry out these dangerous tasks, these men have trained their bodies to survive in extreme conditions and studied numerous fields such as communications and languages. However, their greatest strength lies in their ability to manipulate people in order to obtain the information necessary to give their nation the upper hand.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A series commemorating the 3rd anniversary of the Project SEKAI COLORFUL STAGE! feat. Hatsune Miku mobile game.When middle school kendo champion Ayumu Tanaka begins his first year in high school, he does not take the expected route of joining the Kendo Club; he signs up for the unofficial Shogi Club instead. His sole motive is falling in love at first sight with Urushi Yaotome—the club's president and only member—and will do anything to get closer to her. However, Ayumu decides not to confess to Urushi until he can beat her in a match of shogi fair and square.Naturally, this self-imposed hurdle is a formidable challenge for Ayumu to overcome, as Urushi is far more experienced at the game and sees through his every strategy. Nevertheless, this does not stop him from praising her looks, her skill, or even her smile, which, coupled with Ayumu's expressionless face and direct approach, makes Urushi constantly blush beet red. Learning more about shogi and the charming player sitting across from him, Ayumu inches toward making his confession with each exciting round they play together—even if it is one pawn at a time![Written by MAL Rewrite]Kojou Akatsuki's days as an ordinary high school student in the Demon District of Itogami Island come to an abrupt end after a fateful encounter leaves him with the remarkable abilities of a vampire.It isn't long before he is thrust into the center of attention when it is discovered that he is the fourth primogenitor, an immensely powerful vampire whom most consider to be merely a legend. Fearing Kojou's destructive potential, the Lion King Organization sends in an apprentice sword-shaman, Yukina Himeragi, to monitor, and should he become a threat, kill the boy deemed the world's most powerful vampire. Forced together by circumstance, the two form an unlikely alliance as Kojou comes to terms with his abilities and they both struggle to protect the city from various emerging chaotic forces.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to an ancient legend, mermaid's flesh can grant immortality if eaten. 500 years ago, Yuta unknowingly ate a piece of mermaid's flesh. For centuries, he travels across Japan, hoping to find a mermaid, thinking she may be able to make him a normal human again. When he finally finds one, he discovers that she and her companions have been raising a girl to be their food so they can eat her and take on her youthful looks. That is how mermaids stay young. Yuta kills the mermaids and rescues her, but she has already eaten some of the mermaid's flesh. Although he had to kill the mermaids, Yuta isn't too disappointed. Yuta's once lonely existence is now over, as he has found a companion in Mana. And Mana, who had been trapped in a small hut her whole life, finds delight in even the simplest of things. Together, Yuta and Mana attempt to seek out more mermaids, trying to become normal humans again. (Source: ANN)Second season of Tesagure! Bukatsumono.Initially unveiled on the Pakatube! Channel's "Paka Live TV Vol.14 1st Anniversary Special!" stream, a special animation was shown commemorating the 1st anniversary of the Uma Musume: Pretty Derby mobile game starring Kitasan Black and Satono Diamond.The story begins at the entrance ceremony of the Tracen Academy in spring. Kitasan Black, still unaware of her dream, begins to pursue her aspirations with a clean slate, while Satono Diamond attempts to win the GI to fulfill her family's long-cherished wish. No one knows what the outcome of the race will be for both of them as they set off with their hearts full of hope.(Source: Crunchyroll, edited)On this day, Lin Feng was condensing his martial soul in the Lin Mansion. He didn't want to, he had just cultivated his sword martial soul into a prototype, and his fiancee Ji Manyao took the opportunity to take away his martial soul, causing him to vomit blood and die. At the same time, Lin Feng's spirit entered the place where the gods were buried. The mysterious woman in the place told Lin Feng that he could gain huge martial arts power and knowledge by destroying the ancient gods buried here. In the real world, Lin Feng, who was originally the eldest young master of the Lin family, was no longer respected by his servants because he lost his sword spirit. It was not until Lin Feng used the power obtained from the place of burial to defeat Lin Yuhong, the powerhouse of Huangjie Wuhun, that the Lin family's attitude towards Lin Feng changed. On the other hand, Lin Feng killed Qin Xiao who was fighting with him because he couldn't control the newly acquired power well. Qin Xiao is the grandson of the first elder of the Qin family, and has always been favored by the elders. Now that Qin Xiao was killed, the elders of the Qin family were unwilling.(Source: Tencent Video)Each episode follows Fukuzou Moguro, a traveling salesman, and his current customer. Moguro deals in things that give his customers their heart's desire, and once his deals are made and their unhealthy desires are satisfied, Moguro's customers are often left with terrible repercussions, especially if they break the rules of his deals...Legend says that centuries ago, a colossal spider ravaged Tokyo. Resistance was futile, as none could quell the havoc wrought upon the city by the beast. Fortunately, one man—the legendary exorcist—stopped the devastation. Using his divine powers, he sealed the monster away and the world has enjoyed peace ever since. Mizuki Henmi is an adolescent girl who is acquainted with Shu Suzuri, a dull young man who runs an old Japanese bookstore. During a routine visit to his store, Mizuki learns of a mysterious and valuable book that Shu is planning to sell. Unfortunately, the unrestrained Mizuki handles the book roughly, breaking the seal that kept it shut and revealing an odd entity—a cute spider. Wasurenagumo tells the story of Mizuki, Shu, and their seemingly harmless spider. However, ominous winds begin blowing. While Shu is infatuated with his arachnid friend, Mizuki becomes wary of its every move…[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third season of Xue Ying Ling Zhu.Even after death, life is full of paperwork and criminals. Tsuzuki Asato is a 26 year old, happy-go-lucky, and dorky shinigami (god of death) whose job is to makes sure that those who are dead remain dead and stay in their proper realms. Even though he's had this job for over 70 years, he is in the worst division with horrible pay. He also has a knack for not keeping partners (since shinigami work in pairs), but now he seems to have one that will stick around; stubborn, smart-mouthed, serious and defensive 16 year old, Kurosaki Hisoka. With each case they investigate, they come closer to the conspiracies of the serial killer Dr. Muraki Kazutaka. Tsuzuki's relationship with Hisoka is growing stronger and closer...but there is a dark past to how Tsuzuki died that will not give him peace. (Source: ANN)The fourth season of Ze Tian Ji.In present times, Gods and Demons coexist together with Humans after the door between each of these worlds had opened. Tsuchimi Rin is a normal young high school student attending Verbena Academy, spending his days living peacefully with his childhood friend Kaede. Unexpectedly, one day the King of Gods, the King of Demons and their families move into be Rin's next door neighbors. Apparently the daughter of the Gods, Sia, and the daughter of the demons, Nerine, are both deeply in love with Rin after having met him in the past. Along with his playful friendship with upperclassmen Asa and his encounter with the silent but cute Primula, Rin has much on his hands dealing with the affections of each of these girls. Based on the eroge by Navel.In the near future, Earth is at war with aliens called Worms. The war leaves the population of Earth decimated, with young men the main casualties. The Worms were beaten back but their re-emergence heralds the creation of a mecha unit called the Sonic Divers, piloted by 3 young girls to counter this threat.Hana Ichinose, a 17-year-old high school student who is not only introverted, but also insecure and timid, has just moved and will be attending a new school. To make her situation more difficult,  Hana is a "slow start," which means that she missed a year and worries about attending a class where everyone is younger than her.During her introduction, the teacher reveals it is Hana's birthday, which gives her the jumping-off point  to meet three of her classmates: Tamate Momochi, a charismatic and extroverted girl; Kanmuri Sengoku, who is shy and small; and the popular and pretty Eiko Tokura. Not wanting to lose the chance to make new friends, Hana's interactions with these three mark the beginning of some beautiful relationships that will change her life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Eleven-year-old Sara Werec's elder brother, Ralph, was sent to the frontlines of an interstellar war 130 light years away, and Sara vowed to reunite with him one day as a comrade. Five years later, Sara is a student at Grapera Space Armed Soldier Academy, training to become a Reasoner, a pilot of an advanced weapons system called a "Strain."When the academy is suddenly attacked by enemy forces, Sara enters battle against a Strain that quickly overpowers her. After incapacitating her, the pilot reveals himself to be her Ralph. Killing all the other students and destroying the school, he disappears, leaving Sara to question everything she has ever known. Soukou no Strain is the story of Sara as she reenters training under a new name, now determined to confront her brother and make sense of her brother's actions.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Young Nanashi is a drifting samurai under the service of an enigmatic monk who teaches the ways of life. In search for the meaning of life, Nanashi is forced to partake in certain horrendous acts to overcome the corrupt governments of China and Japan. The mysterious and observant samurai is forced to show a dark side to accomplish his goals and rescue society.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episode 12 of the special segment "Super Senko-san Time" included in the 3rd BD volume of Sewayaki Kitsune no Senko-san.Specials that came with the DVDs of Sekai Tougou Hen.Continues from where the original series left off. The characters try to settle their conflicts with each other in this 2 episode OAV. Aya confronts her sister Maya about Nagi, while Nagi receives a challenge from Mitsuomi to fight to the death. Meanwhile, Bob trains as hard as he can for the tournament. (Source: ANN)Shotaro Kaneda is a young boy whose dead scientist father created the giant robot Tetsujin 28 after realizing the chances of attacks from outer galaxies. Shotaro has possession of the only controller, kept in an attaché case, which enables him to have direct command of the all mighty Tetsujin 28. If the controller goes into the hands of the enemy, this could lead Tetsujin 28 to fight for villains who want to destroy The Earth. Whenever peace in this world is threatened, Shotaro together with his friends, Dr. Shikishima, Detective Otsuka, must unleash the power of our metallic super hero.(Source: ANN)Ken Kaneki has finally come to accept the monstrous, flesh-craving part of himself that he has feared and despised for so long. After escaping captivity and torture, Kaneki joins Aogiri Tree—the very militant ghoul organization that had abducted him, leading his friends to question his true motive and loyalty.As tension between the government and the ghouls continues to rise, the Commission of Counter Ghoul, the government's specialized anti-ghoul agency, has intensified their efforts to completely purge Tokyo of ghouls. This threatens the transient peace of Kaneki's friends and former comrades—the ghouls at the Anteiku coffee shop. Aware of the dangerous situation, Kaneki faces several battles that puts his precious fleeting humanity on the line.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Hagemaru Hageda is a young kid, studying in fourth standard living with his parents in Japan. Only child of his parents, he and his parents are a big misers. They do anything for saving money and this is the basic plot of the show. Hagemaru also has a pet dog named Pesu, who often comments about Hagemaru's family being too miser and not giving him anything to eat.He is best friend of his class-mate Masaru Kondo and he has a crush on Midori, a girl from his class. In most of the episodes, Hagemaru goes to school and the story revolves around his teacher (his 'miss') and his friends. At the end of the each episode, top ten snippets are shown.Akira Kiyose, a high schooler who loves to sing, gets recruited by a talent agency called sMiLea Production. Akira learns that the legendary idols "Anela," who shocked the world with their sudden retirement, are behind the agency developing talent. Together with Banri Naoe and Chihiro Isuzugawa, also recruited by the agency, they form an idol group as they chase their dream towards super stardom alongside other idol groups "LEGIT" and "JAXX/JAXX."(Source: Aniplex USA, edited)Haruka Nanami, an aspiring composer from the countryside, longs to write music for her beloved idol, Hayato Ichinose. Determined to accomplish this goal, she enrolls into Saotome Academy, a highly regarded vocational school for the performing arts.Upon her arrival, Haruka soon learns that everyone on staff, including the headmaster, is either an idol, a composer, or a poet. To top it all off, she is surrounded by incredibly talented future idols and composers, and the competition among the students is fierce; with the possibility of recruitment by the Shining Agency upon graduation, the stakes are incredibly high. As she strives to reach her dream at the academy, one fateful night, a series of events lead Haruka to a mysterious man standing in the moonlight, and he seems a bit familiar...[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of Wan Jie Xian Zong.A recap episode of the original series made to connect Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru: Washio Sumi no Shou to the sequel series Yuuki Yuuna wa Yuusha de Aru: Yuusha no Shou.When Demon Queen Echidna begins her invasion of the human realm, the people turn to the hero Leo Demonheart to protect them. Blessed with insurmountable power, Leo easily repels Echidna's army, thereby saving the world. But instead of gratitude or admiration, Leo is met with disdain and scorn from his fellow humans, who fear his overwhelming strength and believe that it may eventually cause humanity's demise.Banished from the kingdom he once called home, Leo wanders aimlessly throughout the land until, one day, he hears rumors of Echidna's efforts to rebuild her army. Hoping that demonkind might accept him as an ally, he returns to the demon queen's castle and offers Echidna his help.Naturally, Echidna immediately rejects him. Still, not all hope is lost, as Leo manages to convince Echidna's four generals to let him secretly work under their supervision. Donning the identity of a masked dark knight named Onyx, Leo solves the demon army's problems one by one—gradually improving the quality of life around the castle. Above all else, however, Leo wants to accomplish one goal: to learn why Echidna started the war in the first place.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the distant future, humanity is hurtling down a path of ruin. Global environmental destruction caused by chemical contamination, radioactive fallout, and UV rays coming through the patchy ozone layer has lead to deterioration of the human genome.(Source: Official Website)The limited-edition of the 26th manga volume will include an anime adaptation of the popular special flashback chapter "Uchi ga Kita Machi" (The Town Where I Arrived). The story reveals how Haruto, Akari, and Takashi first met during childhood, and serves as a prologue to the TV anime.The 27th limited-edition manga volume will include a special anime episode produced in full cooperation with Seo Kouji. This OVA will be the animation of the end of the manga. (Volume 27 is the final volume of the long-running series.)A series of OVA episodes released with the limited edition manga volumes.Episode 01: What You Gave Me (Anata ga Watashi ni Kureta Mono)Kokonoe, Usa, and Kagami go shopping for a present for Sensei. Eventually Kokonoe decides to make one and they all end up spending the night at her house. Along the way we learn more about Usa's love for Reiji, Kagami's love for Kokonoe, and Kokonoe's love for Sensei. Episode 02: Kuro-chan, Shiro-chan (Kuro-chan to Shiro-chan)Kuro-chan tries to become friends with Shirai-sensei.Episode 03: A Child's Summer Time (Kodomo no Natsu Jikan)The girls, Aoki and Houin go into the country to visit Aoki's family.Saeki Koushirou works as a wedding planner, but his own love life is in shambles. His background makes it difficult for him to commit himself wholeheartedly to love. The child of a divorced couple, he lives with his father. He has a mother and a sister, but he has not seen them in years. After being dumped by his girlfriend, a chance encounter with a female high school student shakes Koushirou's calm and awakens new feelings in him—but he learns that the girl is in fact his sister, who will now be staying with his father and him. Yet, the feelings in Koushirou's heart...(Source: ANN)Lupin and Jigen planed to steal enormous money from a racetrack in New York. Their plan is perfect and the only thing remains is to wait for 6 days. To celebrate the success beforehand, they go to a town. Lupin parts from Jigen because he recalls another engagement. Then, Lupin saves a girl, Michelle, being chased by suspicious men. She asks Lupin to steal a diamond from her father in order to stop him from doing evil things. Lupin thinks he can get both money and a diamond 6 days later, and he accepts her request to guard her for 6 days. Meanwhile, Jigen meets his old fellow soldier, Ryatte, and they’re talking about another business. Then, Jigen is supposed to spends 6 days with Ryatte before the plan with Lupin. On the other hand, Fujiko and Goemon are planning to steal a diamond at a diamond exhibits. The host of the exhibition is… (Source: AniDB)  This is the sequel to Mashin Eiyuden Wataru first season. Wataru has been lived happily on earth after he defeated Doakudar. When he plays around with his friend, Ryujinmaru appears and ask him to fight again. It appears that the 7 Stars Mountain, the source of Mt. Soukai's rainbow, have been taken over by Doakadar (Doakudar's brother). If all the stars mountain loses their brightness, Mt. Soukai's rainbow will fade and everyone will live in the darkness for eternity. Once again, Wataru has to go through all the 7 stars system and destroy this new stronger enemy. When boys suddenly get into places where they've never been allowed before, some girls tend to get upset. So when the decision is made to merge the elite Yuihime Girls' Private Academy and the coeducational Kagamidai Private Academy, everyone wants to take extra care in avoiding trouble while bringing the two Privates together. Therefore, rather than just bringing the Kagamidai boys into the Yuihime girls' school all at once, a plan is concocted in which a group of test males will be inserted into the Girls' Private Academy first.Thus, poor young Shingo finds himself being thrown as a sacrificial lamb to the lionesses of Yuihime, who aren't exactly waiting for him with open arms. Will Shingo manage to survive the estrogen soaked death pit that is Yuihime? Can the girls learn to be more receptive to the boys? And just how long until something involving panties will cause emotions to flare, sparks to fly and the battle of the sexes to explode?(Source: Sentai Filmworks, edited)Based on Masuda Kosuke's popular gag manga. Famous for its cynicism and sarcasm. Features omnibus styled 5-minute episodes starring various characters; including historical figures.Medaka Kurokami is, in the truest sense of the word, perfect. Beautiful, intelligent, and athletic, Medaka's dream is to make others happy. So when she runs for Student Council President of the prestigious Hakoniwa Academy, winning the election with 98% of the votes is only to be expected. The very first thing the boisterous new president does is set up the "Medaka Box," a suggestion box allowing students to submit any kind of request for assistance. Together with the cynical Zenkichi Hitoyoshi, her childhood friend who has been strong-armed into helping, Medaka fulfills these requests at a ridiculous rate. For every job completed, she adds flowers to the student council room, with the aim of filling the entire school. However, the two are about to find out that helping others may be a lot harder than they think as they begin to uncover a devastating plan centering on the academy and even Medaka herself![Written by MAL Rewrite]The Miracle of Excalibur is the twelfth OVA of the anime and manga franchise Detective Conan. The plot is based on Gosho Aoyama's short story "Excalibur."(Source: Detective Conan World)The special contains the footage from episodes featuring Takagi and Sato, with a new narration from Conan and re-recorded line of Takagi and Sato.In the end scene, Sato is preparing herself as the bride as Yumi approach her. Meanwhile, Takagi is waiting outside. Those scenes are leading to the events in The Bride of Halloween.(Source: DCW Wiki)On the hot summer day of August 14, Shintarou Kisaragi is forced to leave his room for the first time in two years. While arguing with the cyber girl Ene who lives in his computer, Shintarou Kisaragi accidentally spills soda all over his keyboard. Though they try to find a replacement online, most stores are closed due to the Obon festival, leaving them with no other choice but to visit the local department store. Venturing outside makes Shintarou extremely anxious, but the thought of living without his computer is even worse. It's just his luck that on the day he finally goes out, he's caught in a terrifying hostage situation.Luckily, a group of teenagers with mysterious eye powers, who call themselves the "Mekakushi Dan," assist Shintarou in resolving the situation. As a result, he is forced to join their group, along with Ene. Their abilities seem to be like pieces of a puzzle, connecting one another, and as each member's past is unveiled, the secret that ties them together is slowly brought to light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the Cosmos, an unusual event has occurred.Taking a break from their latest triumph over Faust and the Spiral Core, Ginga and Co find themselves saving a boy named Yuki from a mysterious youth named Johannes. Although Yuki is a boy genius and an astronomer, he is a Blader who owns “Anubius”.Yuki says that he has come to tell Ginga and his friends about the voice of the Star Fragment. He witnessed the Star Fragment (a meteor) fall from the sky one day. That single light dwells within Anubius and he says that he heard the voice of the Star Fragment that evening. A great evil is trying to revive the “Black Sun” and "Nemesis", the god of destruction, by using the unknown power of the Star Fragment and destroy the world.Ginga and his friends must fight again, just as soon as they get the hang of their new 4D system beys!The episode numbers continue from 103. Second season of Mix: Meisei Story.Original next episode trailers included in the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Nichijou.Erika Shinohara has taken to lying about her romantic exploits to earn the respect of her new friends. So when they ask for a picture of her "boyfriend," she hastily snaps a photo of a handsome stranger, whom her friends recognize as the popular and kind-hearted Kyouya Sata.Trapped in her own web of lies and desperately trying to avoid humiliation, Erika explains her predicament to Kyouya, hoping he will pretend to be her boyfriend. But Kyouya is not the angel he appears to be: he is actually a mean-spirited sadist who forces Erika to become his "dog" in exchange for keeping her secret.Begrudgingly accepting his deal, Erika soon begins to see glimpses of the real Kyouya beneath the multiple layers of his outer persona. As she finds herself falling for him, she can't help but question if he will ever feel the same way about her. Will Kyouya finally make an honest woman out of Erika, or is she destined to be a "wolf girl" forever?[Written by MAL Rewrite]At first glance, Galko, Otako, and Ojou are three high school girls who seem like they wouldn’t have anything to do with each other. Galko is a social butterfly with a reputation for being a party animal, even though she is actually innocent and good-hearted despite her appearance. Otako is a plain-looking girl with a sarcastic personality and a rabid love of manga. And Ojou is a wealthy young lady with excellent social graces, though she can be a bit absent-minded at times. Despite their differences, the three are best friends, and together they love to talk about various myths and ask candid questions about the female body.Oshiete! Galko-chan is a lighthearted and humorous look at three very different girls and their frank conversations about themselves and everyday life. No topic is too safe or too sensitive for them to joke about—even though every so often, Galko seems to get a bit embarrassed by their discussions![Written by MAL Rewrite]The 2nd Chapter continues the story of Ryo Takatsuki and his companions' quest to discover the secret of the mysterious A.R.M.S. they all possess and what the future may hold for them. They now know where the answers lie but to get to them, they must fight a desperate fight of survival against a powerful military corporation that wants their secrets no matter what the cost.(Source: AniDB)A direct continuation of Side:Galo set a day before the film. Collections of "Best Of" moments from throughout the series. This one focused on romantic moments, and shifted between the scenes with interviews with Kappei Yamaguchi, Megumi Hayashibara and Noriko Hidaka. Also interviewed are Rei Sakuma, Koichi Yamadera, Saeko Shimazu, and Yuuji Mitsuya.(Source: furinkan.com/ranma/anime/specials.html)After their loss against Suzuridani Academy, the members of the Keishin Academy girls' basketball team—Tomoka Minato, Maho Misawa, Airi Kashii, Hinata Hakamada, and Saki Nagatsuka, along with their coach, Subaru Hasegawa—exert more of their time and effort in improving in the sport day by day. However, this time around, new rivals with strengths possibly exceedings theirs and friends appear on their way to the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The end of the demon wars has ended and now the Flower Division has been able to rest up after their fighting. The second Sakura Wars developes studies on every Flower Division Combatee in every episode while they go on their miscellanious adventures around Japan.(Source: ANN)Tatsuya Yoigoshi, a once nationally recognized soccer player, is now a first-year student at Noukin High School. Due to his developed hatred for sports, he has abandoned his previous aspirations to become a famous livestreamer on the internet. One day, Souma Azemichi, a first-year on the kabaddi team, seeks to recruit Yoigoshi and spontaneously interrupts his livestream.Without any expectations, Yoigoshi follows Souma to the school gym, where he witnesses second-years Kyouhei Misumi and Shinji Date engaged in the primal contact sport of kabaddi. Despite ridiculing the rules of play, Yoigoshi is stunned by the intensity of the round. Because of an enticing deal and slight coercion, he agrees to settle the prospect of his recruitment through the most invigorating way: a battle of kabbadi, a team sport played empty-handed.[Written by MAL Rewrite]At True Cross Academy, Rin Okumura unknowingly comes across the first signs that something is amiss; ordinary people have been gaining the ability to perceive the invisible creatures that roam the human realm, Assiah. While Rin sees this as an opportunity to make a new friend, his twin brother, Yukio, is more burdened than ever. Swamped with his education, exorcist duties, and teaching position, Yukio has remained silent about his awakened powers, unable to understand their scale or significance.While Rin and his friends prepare for the annual Exorcist Certification Exam, the True Cross Order has uncovered the first artificial gate to the demonic realm of Gehenna. Witnessing its size and the advanced technology that made it possible, the exorcists realize they are now dealing with the Illuminati, an extremely wealthy and powerful organization. Moreover, the inscrutable Illuminati have planted three spies in the True Cross Order—and one may be hiding among the aspiring exorcists sworn to protect mankind from the demonic threat.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Deep in the sandy plains of the Middle Eastern kingdom of Asran, Japanese photojournalist Makoto Shinjou travels to the remote airbase Area 88 to document the activities of the mercenaries who destroy the country's enemies for a living. Among their ranks is Shin Kazama, a Japanese ace pilot who was tricked by his former best friend into signing a contract with the Asran's fighter squad. Because of this, he lost his career as an airline pilot and the chance to marry his fiancee Ryoko Tsugumo. Now, Shin has three choices in order to leave Area 88 and return to Japan: serve the mercenary group for three years, earn US$1.5 million, or desert the base, risking imminent death.(Source: ANN)This is a story about a little girl who lives in an old house in the mountains. Her name is Bincho-tan. Each episode depicts a day in the life of Bincho-tan as she prepares her breakfast in the morning, goes to the forest to gather vegetables, does her household chores and rests at night after a day's work. She is surrounded by a group of close friends who add color to her ordinary yet simple life. Momiji is an average girl until the day she finds she is the descendant of the great Kushinada family. Only she, with her Kushinada blood, can stop the Aragami, demonic plant-like monsters threatening to destroy Japan. Along to help her is the TAC, and a possible love interest in a young man named Kusanagi.(Source: ANN)Recap of first 12 episodes of Cardcaptor Sakura: Clear Card-hen.When Saga—now 15 years old—arrives at her home after a day of errands, her grandmother Regina discovers an old dress in the attic. At this point, Saga recalls the time her elementary class participated in a play titled "Princess and Fairy." She volunteered to play the role of the Princess while her rival Greta played the evil witch. The production of the school play reminded Sugar and the other fairies of the time "The Bear Pianist" played in the town not too long ago.Recap episodes of Code Geass. Also known as episodes 8.5 and 17.5.In 2046, a revolutionary 80% shock-absorbing reinforced cardboard has been developed, rapidly transforming the world's exports. The reinforced cardboard would soon become the battleground for a popular children's hobby called "LBX" (Little Battler eXperience).Four years later, a boy named Yamano Ban who loves to play with LBX (although without a mecha himself) is given a case containing the model AX-00 by a mysterious woman. He is told that he now holds the hopes and despairs of mankind in his hands.New Ensemble Stars!! web animated series based on the game story "Checkmate".Mage's Association members Rin Toosaka and Luviagelita "Luvia" Edelfelt are tasked with finding and retrieving seven Class Cards, medieval artifacts containing the life essence of legendary Heroic Spirits. To aid them in their mission, they are granted the power of Ruby and Sapphire, two sentient Kaleidosticks that would enable them to transform themselves into magical girls and drastically increase their abilities. However, the two mages are on anything but good terms, prompting the Kaleidosticks to abandon them in search for new masters. They stumble upon two young schoolgirls—Illyasviel von Einzbern and Miyu—and quickly convince them to form a contract. With their new powers and responsibilities, Illya and Miyu set forth to collect all the Class Cards.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world is about to be turned upside down for Hajime Murata. First, a strange alien ship appears over Tokyo, and then a mysterious new transfer student arrives at his school wearing an ancient school uniform. His name is Muryou, and with his arrival, everything begins to change. Students suddenly begin to display amazing psychic powers, a giant white guardian keeps appearing in the skies over the city to fight off gigantic alien creatures, and men with threatening weapons are haunting the shadows of the school grounds.With all these strange events taking place around him, Hajime is determined to figure out the truth about a world he thought he already knew. This is his story: a tale of aliens and humans, starships and spies, and friends who are often more than they appear. Join Hajime as he uncovers the mystery of Shingu: Secret of the Stellar Wars!(Source: RightStuf)Despite having seemingly returned to their normal lives, Kei Kurono, Masaru Katou, and Kei Kishimoto are forced back into the lethal game after Gantz's recent activity. The black sphere continues to summon recently deceased people to fight alien invaders. And having survived the two previous encounters, the trio are more than prepared for the upcoming missions.As they progress through the tournament's stages, the three proceed in their attempt to earn 100 points, which is said to be the only way to leave the parallel dimension for good. However, with the constant onslaught of alien invaders and the threat of imminent death, they must first focus on the task at hand—immediate survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Farm life has never been this wacky. Where else could you find a turtle with a built in TV under his shell, a bald lion, an elephant whose trunk doubles as a garden hose and an inflatable octopus. All run by a good-natured ox named Olly.(Source: ANN)In this film, because of complaints from children that Goku is depicted as too much of an eager student, he is instead portrayed as a very naughty modern boy. It then received so many complaints from the PTA about its bad language that it was forced out of the show after all.(Source: Official Site)Taking place after the events that occurred in Hayate no Gotoku! Can't Take My Eyes off You. Hayate, Nagi and Maria return to their daily lives at the Sanzenin Mansion and the Violet Mansion.(Source: Hayate no Gotoku! Wikia)Kishimoto Kasumi, a 15-year-old girl, was supposed to live at her auntie's house in order to go to high school since April. However, when she moved to the house she was surprised with the fact that there were already four new male students living in the same house. To make the matter worse, that day while she was taking a bath, Takasugi Yusaku, one of those boys, came into the bath and saw her naked. This is how Kasumi's troublesome high school days started. (Source: AniDB)These shorts, included in the Blu-ray and DVD releases, take place in a timeline with multiple Umaru-chans. Ikkyu is a little boy training to be a monk at Ankokuji Temple. Known for being mischievous and a bit of a troublemaker, but also extremely smart, Ikkyu constantly thinks of new ways to outwit his frustrated teachers, helping others at the same time. High school freshman Hiromi joins the tennis club because of her admiration for Ryuzaki. Ryuzaki is a senior, who's the best tennis player on the team and also nicknamed "Ochoufujin", ("Madame Butterfly"), because of her elegance on the tennis court. However, the new coach, Jin Munakata, wants the inexperienced Hiromi to play in a forthcoming tournament.Due to this, Hiromi considers quitting tennis for good but, in the depth of her soul, she soon realizes that she loves tennis after all. She returns to the club and, under Munakata's coaching, her talent starts to bloom.In the end, Hiromi develops a strong emotional bond with her coach, not knowing that Munakata is risking his life because of a chronic illness.(Source: AnimeNfo)Hiromi continues developing her tennis and shows the results while undergoing an emotional change into an adult.(Source: AniDB)The story takes place in an alternate reality based in the year 1996, where humanity is advanced enough to develop long-range space travel, as well as bases on both the Moon and Mars. However, the Cold War tensions between the United States and the Soviet Union have not ended; rather, they've escalated as both sides build military facilities in space, and the shadow of nuclear conflict looms over humanity, both on and off Earth.Meanwhile, on the Red Planet, an exchange program created by the United Nations to promote peace and understanding is about to begin; the "Cosmic Culture Club," consisting of 16 boys and girls, as well as their instructor Elizabeth, arrives at the UN Mars base. Among the passengers is Anna a 14-year-old girl who serves as the narrator for the story.Suddenly, four unidentified humanoid robots classified as Super Powered Tracers are detected, engaged in fierce combat with each other. The UN base is caught in the crossfire and quickly destroyed, killing all but six members of the "Cosmic Culture Club"—Elizabeth, Arthur, Roan, David, Simone and Anna, and leaving them stranded on an inhospitable planet that has suddenly become a battlefield. As the battle ends, the lone SPT standing lands next to the terrified group and opens up revealing a pilot, who simply announces to them, "Earth is at stake."Picture Dramas bundled on the DVD volumes.In a seemingly peaceful time without looming threats of Sirens or war, shipgirls from different nations live together in harmony. Some girls, such as the destroyers Ayanami, Javelin, Laffey, and Z23, attend school. Others immerse themselves into various other activities, including sports, foraging, training, going to formal parties, or even vying for the commander's attention! But one thing is for certain: the girls will continue to deepen their friendship in the pleasant port of Azur Lane![Written by MAL Rewrite]When Kasumi Toyama was out camping as a child, she heard the rhythm of the "Star Beat" while admiring the starry night sky. This sparkling, heart-pounding sound left a lasting impression on her, and since then, she has constantly been seeking to rediscover that exciting thrill.Now, as a newly enrolled student of Hanasakigawa Girls' High School, Kasumi is more determined than ever to find that long-lost sensation again. She attempts a myriad of school club activities, and even considers taking up a part-time job, but none of these feel suitable for her. That is, until she chances upon a star-shaped guitar in the storage room of an old pawn shop. It leads her to a live house, where she is captivated by watching a live performance for the first time. Spurred from the adrenaline, she instantly decides to form a band without even really knowing why. However, such a venture requires her to confront various hurdles with new friends she makes along the way, all in her pursuit to encounter that twinkling, heart-throbbing ardor once more.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After pulling the plug on the space reality TV show "Can I Destroy the Earth? 2," the Defense Club and the Conquest Club return to their peaceful high school lives. Time has passed since that fearsome battle, and it's now autumn. The five Defense Club members have stopped serving as the Battle Lovers, and are enjoying a soak in the Kurotama Bath like always, when the Conquest Club broaches a subject that will change a great deal about events to come...[Source: Crunchyroll]Loudmouthed martial artist Junpei Ryuzouji, elegant actress Airi Komiyama, and cheery but artillery-obsessed student Ritsuko Inoue all find themselves transported from their homeland of Japan to an unfamiliar, magical world. When the elven priestess Celcia Marieclaire casts the spell to send them home, she is interrupted, and the spell is broken into parts that scatter throughout the world. The spell fragments imprint themselves onto the skin of various elves.The trio travels in Ritsuko's tank, searching for elves who might carry the spell fragments so that Celcia can transfer them to her own body and make the spell whole again. As they adventure, people begin to refer to them as "Those Who Hunt Elves," gaining a reputation as warriors that put a stop to evil-doers with their miraculous cannon, terrifying elves by stripping any that they find. Though they're not the smartest group, they make up for it with enthusiasm and their strong determination to get back to Japan.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two recap specials titled "Fate/Zero Remix I" and "Fate/Zero Remix II" serve to summarize the first 13 episodes of Fate/Zero.The 9th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.In 2007, the Punishment of Sexual Perversions Law came into effect. The city is surrounded by a squadron wearing protective suits and they begin to arrest any who look like perversions. No wonder that Inukami Master Keita and Inukami Yoko are wanted for Class A perversions. What will happen to Keita, Yoko, Kaoru's Inukami, and the other lovely perversions? What about Karina?(Source: AniDB)This is a two part story that happened after Rose moved in to Roy's apartment. During the preparations for Appreciation Day, Solty watches people in the city going about and preparing for the celebration and is confronted with a thought: what is true happiness? While trying to understand happiness and the complexity of human emotions, a young girl who has had a falling out with her mother confronts Solty and Rose asking for their help. "Love Shared" is actually the second half of "Opportunities Missed", while "Opportunities Missed" shows the entire story.(Source: Wikipedia)Clad in desert pink and the size of a mere child, the infamous "Pink Devil" mercilessly hunts down other players in the firearm-centered world of the virtual reality game Gun Gale Online. But in real life, this feared player killer is not quite who anyone would expect.A shy university student in Tokyo, Karen Kohiruimaki stands in stark contrast to her in-game avatar—in fact, she happens to stand above everyone else too, much to her dismay. Towering above all the people around her, Karen's insecurities over her height reach the point where she turns to the virtual world for an escape. Starting game after game in hopes of manifesting as a cute, short character, she finally obtains her ideal self in the world of Gun Gale Online. Overjoyed by her new persona, she pours her time into the game as LLENN, garnering her reputation as the legendary player killer.However, when one of LLENN's targets gets the best of her, she ends up meeting Pitohui, a skilled yet eccentric woman. Quickly becoming friends with Karen, Pitohui insists that LLENN participates in Squad Jam, a battle royale that pits teams against one another, fighting until only one remains. Thrust into the heated competition, LLENN must fight with all her wit and will if she hopes to shoot her way to the top.[Written by MAL Rewrite]He's small, fluffy, and absolutely adorable: Hamtarou is one perfect little hamster! After moving to a new house with his owner, 5th grader HirokoHaruna, Hamtarou discovers other hamsters and quickly makes friends.The group of hamster explorers call themselves the Ham-Hams, and there's nowhere they won't go. The Ham-Hams go on crazy adventures all around the city while their owners are away, visiting everything from plays to magical lands of candy. Meanwhile, the humans face their own dramas..Hamtarou meets a huge cast of different personalities, gets himself into—and out of—some pretty tight spots, and even helps Hiroko and her friends out more than once. Through it all, he never stops being unbearably cute. It's Hamtarou time!The third anime adaptation of the otome game Uta no☆Prince-sama♪.Starish are given new assignments in newly divided teams, and they do their best in order to try and impress Shining Saotome into allowing their entry to SSS, a top level music contest. Meanwhile, Haruka works with the Quartet Night. The aggressive Fuuka Reventon often finds herself in fights as she struggles to make a living. One day, she gets into an altercation with gangsters that leaves her with injuries; luckily, martial arts champion Einhald Stratos finds Fuuka and brings her to a hospital.Seeing potential in Fuuka's skills, Einhald encourages the girl to become a martial arts athlete and offers her a job at Nakajima Gym, where Einhald trains. Despite the kind gesture, Fuuka initially declines the proposal due to the bad memories it brings. She was once childhood friends with the now prominent martial arts athlete Rinne Berlinetta, but the personality of her fellow orphan shifted from kind and gentle to cold and cruel after being adopted by a prosperous family and starting martial arts.Nonetheless, Fuuka soon accepts Einhald's offer and begins training under her—not only out of necessity but also out of the desire to defeat Rinne and make her realize how hurtful her behavior has become. Despite Fuuka's inexperience, Einhald and the other members of the gym have faith in her talent and efforts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As a loyal disciple, Ye Chen dedicated himself to guard the spiritual medicine field for his sect. But, during a fight with enemies, the spiritual field was destroyed. His loyalty and dedicating to the sect could not save him. The loyalty he thought he had obtained from his peers and lover, could not save him from betrayal. Thus, he was shamelessly banished from the sect. With the help of a flame falling from heaven, Ye Chen began to develop himself into a stronger cultivator. Battled against his opponents, unfolded his legendary life and rewrote his own story...The official website for the Yamada-kun and the Seven Witches television anime series revealed on Sunday that the anime's first Blu-ray Disc and DVD box sets will include a Yankee-kun to Megane-chan collaborative manga and anime. (Source: ANN)After discovering a mysterious sword in the storehouse of her home, third-year high school student Yui Kusanagi finds herself suddenly transported to a different world. While exploring her new surroundings, she meets five strange yet handsome men before coming face to face with Zeus: the king of the gods. In order to restore the deteriorating relationship between the gods and humans, Zeus has created the Academy of the gods and has chosen Yui to be its one and only instructor. She has one year to educate the young and reluctant deities—including the five strangers she met earlier—on what it means to be human while learning about the gods herself; otherwise, they will all be trapped in Zeus' realm forever.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mantaro has made it to the semifinal match of the Chojin Cup. He must now fight Ricardo in a soccer field to advance to the last match. Kevin Mask is also in the semifinals, and must defeat Ilioukhine in an aerial field to advance. These three matches will determine who wins the Chojin Cup.(Source: ANN)Lupin scores a "magic lamp" and finds it does hold a genie. However, the stroke of 7PM strikes, and that is the last thing he remembers. Finding himself in Singapore, Lupin must battle his way past the forces of Colonel Garlic and discover the secret behind the lamp. But every time the clock strikes 7PM, his memory is wiped clean! How can Lupin piece together this puzzle, when he can't even remember what he is doing?!(Source: Lupin III Encyclopedia)A world where art becomes magic. In this world, people who can inspire passion with their Magic Arts are called Artistas, and are employed in show business. In Hoshinomori Private Magical Arts High School, where Artistas are taught, a strange new student named Kohana Aigasaki transfers into the school.Kohana is placed on the planning committee for the school's yearly Hoshinomori Summer Festa cultural festival. She spends her romantic school life with six other boys who aim to become entertainers in the future. Each of the boys specializes in his own Arts, and aims to make Hoshi Fes a success. In addition, the boys also aim to be chosen alongside Kohana as the school's Artista Prince and Princess, only chosen once a year.(Source: Official site) Seventeen-year-old William Twining takes pride in his lineage as well as his devotion to modern science. When he learns that his family has gone bankrupt, the pompous noble is faced with the reality that he can no longer afford his tuition or the lifestyle he is accustomed to. In a desperate search for valuables in his manor, William discovers a hidden room and accidentally summons the arrogant demon Dantalion, the Grand Duke of Hell.Apparently, Lucifer—the ruler of Hell—has fallen into a deep slumber. In his absence, only the human "Elector" has power to select a temporary successor, which is the cause of tension among demonkind. Although told that he is the direct descendant of King Solomon and has unshakable authority in the underworld, William refuses to believe it. While denying the existence of magic and the supernatural altogether, the defiant realist fails to recognize that he is at the center of the ongoing battle between Heaven and Hell.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the 19th century, Genoa (Italy), 9-year-old Marco must face separation from his mother Anna, who leaves for work in Argentina to escape heavy taxes and a deep economic depression. Remaining at home with his father-a doctor at the hospital for the poor-Marco cannot help but miss his mother. When Anna suddenly stops writing to them, Marco becomes anxious about her and decides to travel all the way to Argentina by himself. Marco sets out a long and arduous adventure of over 10,000 miles. All he carries with him is love, courage, friendship and a longing to see his mother again. The story will take you on an exciting journey across the Atlantic, the Andes, and the spiritual border as we watch Marco come of age. (Source: AnimeNfo) In search of true love, Kanako Miyamae transfers to Ame no Kisaki Catholic school, inspired by how her parents fell in love with each other there. There is just one difference, though: because men make Kanako break into hives, she has actually come to the all-girls school to find a partner of the same sex.When she meets the beautiful Mariya Shidou, Kanako believes she has found that special someone; however, there's more to Mariya than meets the eye—it turns out that Kanako's first love is actually a cross-dressing boy. Mariya threatens to expose Kanako's impure intentions unless she keeps his real gender a secret, and to make things worse, he also replaces her original roommate so that he can now keep a close eye on her.Maria†Holic follows Kanako as she looks for love in all the wrong places and searches for the girl of her dreams—that is, if she can survive being Mariya's roommate![Written by MAL Rewrite]Twenty years after a ravaging war drastically transformed the face of the Earth, an old man and his energetic grandson Conan remain the sole survivors of their once larger community. Believing themselves to be the last humans on the planet, the two are surprised to one day discover a girl lying unconscious on the shore of their solitary isle.Once awakened, the girl Lana explains that she got lost while fleeing from agents of a technologized fortress island called Industria. Given that Lana is the telepathic granddaughter of renowned scientist Dr. Briac Lao, Industria's authorities desire her cooperation, as they believe her abilities will help them locate the doctor and acquire his expertise to access a powerful energy source.Despite the best efforts of Conan and his grandfather, they fail to prevent Lana's recapture when Industrian soldiers arrive. Vowing to rescue her, Conan bravely embarks on a breathtaking adventure, yet the journey comes with higher stakes than he realizes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Uiba Shikatani, the daughter of a pet shop owner, is heartbroken after some reptile eggs fail to hatch. In his attempts to cheer her up, her father brings home a large, striped egg, which he hopes will successfully hatch (unexpectedly into a green dinosaur whom they call "Muka-Muka," which are the only words which the baby reptile can speak). Muka-Muka soon becomes the talk of the town and comes into the interest of the town's professor and his wacky inventions, including a time machine which successfully teleports the Shikatani's among other families and their homes to pre-historic times where they encounter several other dinosaurs and enchanted beings on their adventures.(Source: ANN)OVAs bundled with the 15-17th volumes of the Mushibugyou manga.Six months before the opening of the patisserie La Soleil, Chocola and Vanilla are still kittens trying to fit into the Minazuki household. As the two youngest catgirls under Kashou and Shigure's care, the two learn from and mature alongside four other catgirls⁠—Azuki, Maple, Cinnamon, and Coconut⁠⁠. Soon, they approach their first Christmas together as a family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One Punch Man 2nd Season's commemorative recap special.In a world filled with the oddball gods and monsters of Japanese mythology, one of the creature's free-spirited daughters, Onari, is determined to follow in the footsteps of the mighty heroes of lore, but her unique powers are yet to be revealed. Does she have what it takes to protect her peaceful village from the encroaching presence of the mysterious “Oni” who threaten the gods?(Source: Netflix)The fourth season takes place after the Mechanical City has collapsed and the Mohists are almost eliminated. The Qin Empire plans for a period of peace and prosperity and the Emperor utilizes a huge amount of labor to build the Great Wall and plans more sophisticated programs. There is apprehension in the city about the function of the giant boat "Mirage" which appears off the coast. Various rebel factions came together in Shanghai to defeat the Emperor's ambition. The Emperor and his forces, including the Quicksand group, the Yin-Yang School, Net Trap Organization and swordsman Shengqi are all arraigned against the rebel group comprising the Mohists, Confucianists and the Taoists. Tianming's education and training continue as he is faced with more and more challenges as leader of the Mohists. (Source: Qin's Moon Wiki)Due to his father's disappearance, Itsuki Iba has to take over the family business: a magician dispatch service. Their family employs countless magicians and other supernatural beings in order to send them out to help those who need magical assistance. As a leader, Itsuki now has to be tough, commanding, and reliable, but there's one problem, he's a coward. Also, in order to run a successful business, he must connect with his employees, which is more difficult than it seems due to his personality. But not only does he have to deal with his own employees, he also has to deal with those who threaten the family business.(Source: CrunchyRoll)Even though he is the top salesman at his company, Keiichirou Tachibana decides to quit his job to open a bakery. While looking over résumés for a head patissier, one name sticks out in particular: Yuusuke Ono, the young man who confessed his feelings to Keiichirou in high school—and whom Keiichirou harshly shot down. Now, Yuusuke is known both as a genius patissier for his skills in the kitchen, and for possessing a demonic charm that attracts even straight men into his bedroom.Despite their shared past, Keiichirou hires Yuusuke and starts working on making the bakery a success. Before long, the pair is joined by former boxer Eiji Kanda, who is searching for a new career after an injury forced him to retire early. Everything is looking up for the newly-opened bakery named Antique—but the ghosts of the employees' pasts threaten to upset their simple lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The world is divided into two factions: humans and monsters called katawara. Despite being a katawara, Tama loves humans and vows to protect them from evil, even if it means fighting her own kind. Her brother Jinka, however, hates humans, despite mostly being one. The siblings are joined by a cowardly swordsman named Shinsuke, who wants to learn how to become strong.When the group uncovers a plot to experiment on humans and transform them into monsters, they vow to defeat whoever is behind it... Even if it means battling an entire army of warriors.The people they meet, places they see, and creatures they battle will be legendary!(Source: Tokyopop)Sentimental Journey is a collection of twelve short stories about twelve different girls. Though unrelated, there is one common theme that binds the episodes together: each girl's bittersweet experience of first love. (Source: ANN)Shakugan no Shana-tan: Final Destruction specials bundled with the limited edition second and sixth volumes of the Shakugan no Shana III (Final) Blu-ray and DVD.On the last Valentine's Day before her high school entrance exams, Nana Suzuki tries to build up the courage to confess to her longtime crush. However, when her chocolates are accidentally ruined, she rushes back to her house to make more—not realizing that the microwave has been turned into a strange invention by her grandfather. Suddenly, six additional copies of Nana appear, each possessing their own extreme personality and a crystal that grants them magic powers!With her plans ruined, Nana vows to confess to her crush in her first year of high school. The only problem is that her crush is top student Yuuichi Kamichika, and following him to his elite high school will mean that she has to hit the books. With six new allies to help her, Nana begins to prepare for anything that the exam season might throw at her.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Oji Tanaka has a wife, a child and a mundane job as a salary man in Tokyo's modern society. But life wasn't dull for him to begin with; 15 years ago, he was known as "Gabriel", leader of a short-lived heavy metal band called Black Heaven. Oji's life gets a sudden change in direction when he is invited by a mysterious blonde woman named Layla to pick up his Gibson Flying V and once again display his "legendary" guitar skills, not knowing that his music generates power for a massive weapon in an intergalactic war. (Source: ANN)Fujiwara Naeka is a typical 17-year-old high school student. Or so we thought. She's really one of two surviving heirs of a tycoon who has the right to inherit his mass fortune when she turns 18 in half a year. Fubuki, a young and beautiful maid, and Kogarashi, a big burly maid guy with a mask, have been assigned to keep Naeka and her brother Kousuke safe from those who would plot their demise, and to steal the fortune she would inherit.(Source: AniDB)When Kyouhei moves to Tokyo, he thinks he's left his old life behind. But when he discovers a bloody corpse, he also discovers that the past isn't easily left behind, especially when the past is as unusual as Kyouhei's. You see, back in his home town, Kyouhei was a "seki," an individual able to control "kakashi," ancient wooden "gods" capable of incredible feats, with his mind. Now there's a kakashi loose in Tokyo, and it just may be up to Kyouhei to stop it AND its seki in Kamisama Dolls!(Source: Sentai Filmworks, edited)DVD bundled with the limited edition of the 10th volume of the manga, previewing the upcoming TV anime and including footage that will not be used in the series.Kindaichi is back with another mystery to solve.A long time ago, Haruka Hoshinogawa made a wish with the town's old cherry blossom tree with her grandfather while receiving a present from him: a cherry blossom ribbon. As she grew up, she treasured the gift that was given to her while starting fifth grade in her school. One day, upon noting that the old cherry blossom tree is wilting, her grandfather decided to leave the shop to explore the world and let Haruka take care of the store in his absence. The next day while sleeping, her treasured ribbon sprouted a strange egg, revealing a Cocotama, a god born from an object that has been cherished with love and care. Haruka woke up and accidentally saw the Cocotama on the table, retreated to her Hiding Egg. As Haruka picked it up, it has changed into a mysterious key. Left with some questions, the Cocotama introduced herself as Ribbon, and Haruka learned about the existence of her kind and the mysteries behind the strange key she had. Ribbon realized that the key is actually the Key of Wonders and that Haruka was chosen by it to be the Legendary Contractor to the Cocotamas. Now, both of them try to run the shop and meet new Cocotama friends, while discovering the mysteries and powers behind the Key of Wonders.(Source: Wikipedia, edited)Special episode consisting of two short stories. The first being an expanded version of Detective Conan: The Fugitive Kogorou Mouri, which was never aired on TV till now. The second half being a brand new New Years Day segment.Ginga Hagane and his crew of Bladers are back and ready to take on new challenges. The World Championship beckons, and Ginga is more than prepared, now equipped with a new Beyblade, the Galaxy Pegasus W105R2F. And he will be battling with a tag-partner from the USA, Masamune Kadoya. However, Masamune has also set his eyes on the championship, and plans to defeat Gingka.Masamune may be not the only threat to Ginga's path to victory. The world's top Blader Kyoya was chosen alongside Ginga, Masamune, Tsubasa, and Yu to represent Japan, but instead decides to join the African team. Together with his teammate Benkei, he wishes to take down Ginga and the Japanese team. The stage is now set for one of the most dramatic showdowns in Metal Fight Beyblade: Baku.Pepe is a Spanish cyclist competing in an multi-stage Iberian cycling race similar to the Tour de France. He is a support rider for one of the teams competing in the race, and his role is to assist the team's top rider in winning the overall race. As the story unfolds, the racers are set to ride through Pepe's home town in Andalusia on the same day as the wedding of his elder brother Angel to his former girlfriend Carmen. Their relationship was a factor in his decision to leave the town to pursue professional cycling, and the wedding is a frustrating reminder that his career hasn't turned out as he would have liked. Now, with the sponsor planning to drop him from the team and his family and friends cheering him on, Pepe abandons his assigned role and strives for glory.(Source: ANN)The everyday Sanyo family gets an unexpected surprise in the shape of a new lodger-Hattori is a ninja boy who has come down from the Iga mountains to attend normal school. Befriending Kenichi Sanyo, who is the same age as he, Hattori starts attending school undercover, occasionally accompanied by his brother, Shinzo, Shishimaru the ninja dog, and Kenichi's girlfriend, Yumeko. The gang is also threatened by the rival Koga ninja, Kemumaki, and his evil sidekick, Kagechiyo the Shadow-cat. (Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)Two weeks have passed since the dilemma between Maiku, Karen and Miina was resolved, but their lives are more hectic than ever. Karen has become possessed in her newly discovered brother and Miina is desperate for attention as well, which leaves little time for Maiku to concentrate on his work. Therefore he decides to head out in the woods and set up a camp, where he can be work in peace. But, as always, we have Morino who is up to no good. To make things a bit more interesting, she organizes a field trip to Maiku's camp site, and encourages everyone to make some good summer memories.Ayato Kamina was separated from the girl he loved, Haruka Mishima, when an event occurred that was thought to have killed everyone outside of Tokyo. But one day three years later, invaders suddenly attacked the city. It was then that he meets an agent of TERRA, Haruka Shitow, who tells him that she will give him the truth about the world. It is the beginning of a series of strange events, which involve him activating a giant mecha, the RahXephon and finding out that many people, including his own mother, has blue blood, and that he was actually living in a self-encased dimension where time moves slower than that of the outside world.(Source: ANN)Renkin San-kyuu Magical? Pokaan follows the daily lives of four young girls. There is just one catch: they are anything but normal. This group of friends—the energetic werewolf Liru, the joyful witch-in-training Uma, the motherly android Aiko, and the seductive vampire Pachira—are actually princesses from the netherworld who have traveled to the human world in search of a new home. Unfortunately, their naivety and severe lack of knowledge make living peacefully among earthlings much more difficult than they imagined. As they attempt to adapt to their brand new lifestyle, they cause all sorts of trouble, and end up attracting the unwanted attention of a woman by the name of Dr. K-Ko. The scientist believes that these new residents of Earth are up to no good and attempts to capture the girls to prove the existence of the supernatural and gain credibility with the scientific community. Every day brings a new adventure as the girls deal with the insanity of her antics and all that the human realm has to offer.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story of Sanzo and his three companions in their quest to the west, to stop the resurrection of Gyuumao. On the way they are fighting youkai, getting into trouble and helping the townspeople.The once famous and well respected scientist Zorndyke has bred a new genre of living being, one that thrives on the oceans and lives to destroy humans. Zorndyke believes it is time that the humans were relieved of their rule of the earth. It is up to Blue Submarine No. 6 and the rest of the Blue fleet to put an end to Zorndyke's madness and creations. (Source: ANN)An animated short film that depicts, through experimental methods, the first half of the life of a man who aspires to be a manga artist. The central character, Shinji, is a boy who loves to draw. In elementary school, he encounters Masaru, a strange young boy who also loves drawing, but who draws only masked wrestlers. The two become friends. As they progress through their elementary school grades, however, they gradually grow apart. Years later, Shinji still remains true to his dream of becoming a manga artist, and goes on to study art at the university. When his work is selected for a Best Young Artist Award, he decides to move to Tokyo and soon gets his first breakthrough. What awaits him there, though, is something completely different from the manga artist’s life that he had imagined. One day, for the first time in years, the 30-year-old Shinji comes across some work of his old friend Masaru, who has remained true to his drawing style. The story is a mockumentary ("mock documentary"), and the narration is interspersed with monologues by Shinji's mother. As the central character grows, the animation style evolves from juvenile drawings doodled on random pieces of paper to sketches drawn on specialized manga paper, thus visualizing the flow of time.(Source: Japan Media Arts Festival)Based on the manga by Tetsuhiro Koshita, Bakusou Kyoudai Let's & Go!! has two main seasons evolving around the Go brothers and the TRF Victorys. The third season, Bakusou Kyoudai Let's & Go!! MAX evolves more around two new main characters, but the primary idea is the same... Racing!Let's & Go!! focuses on Retsu and Go Seiba, two young brothers who receive racing cars called "Mini 4WD" by Dr. Tsuchia. From there on, the series portraits those two boys, training and customizing parts to later on participate on Japans Cup, where all of Japan's racers enter to be the best of the best!Dan Bashin is a spirited teenager known for his aggressive playstyle in the card game Battle Spirits, earning him the title of "Clash King." One day, a mysterious green-haired girl transports him to the otherworldly land of "Grand Rolo," where disputes are settled by card duels.Upon his arrival, Dan is immediately thrust into a conflict between the kingdom's imperial army and its oppressed natives. There, he learns that he is a prophetic warrior known as a "bearer of cores' light," chosen to save the land from its evil king. Accompanied by a young boy named Zungurii and the eccentric witch Magisa, Dan travels across Grand Rolo and encounters the other chosen warriors through card battles. With the name of the Clash King gaining fame throughout Grand Rolo, secrets that lurk within the shadows of the kingdom's colonial past begin to surface. Only time will tell if Dan's campaign will affect the world on a scale much larger than he ever could have imagined.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The "Forbidden Treasure" is an extraordinary artefact who can grant any wishes. The people seeking it are called the Bankers, and our hero, Corokke, is one of them.Earth is still in danger: aliens from planet Zeraz are willing to invade our planet because theirs is being swallowed by a Black Hole. Led by Great Darius and his four generals, they begin seeding death and destruction. When an ESP warrior is killed by aliens, professor Hi-Tech understands the danger and builds the huge Space Dragon (Daiku Maryuu) piloted by Pete, and the gint robot Gaiking whose pilot is Sanshiro Shiwobuki, an ex-baseball player. Daiku Maryuu is a big dragon shaped spaceship and his head is the Gaiking torso. When the Gaiking enters the action, Daiku Maryuu launches other Gaiking's components and then it re-unite neck with tail, becoming unbreakable.The story chronicled the battle between the crew of the semi-transformable carrier Daikuu Maryuu and the Super Mecha Gaiking against an invading race of aliens from the planet Zela, whose home planet is facing destruction by a black hole. The robot Gaiking was piloted by a baseball star named Sanshiro Tsuwabuki (Sanshiro's name was changed to Aries Astonopolis for the English version of the show with the carrier being called the "Great Space Dragon", a literal translation of "Daikuu Maryuu". Gaiking was notable for being one of the few super robot series to take place in real places outside of Japan, and for being the first Super Robot series to have a mobile carrier for the chief robots.(Source: ANN)This special is a recap of the first season of Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma: Intermission as well as a preview of the second season Eikoku Koi Monogatari Emma: Molders Hen.Girls & Panzer specials with Yukari Akiyama explaining the background of tank units that appear in the series.Takuma Hirose is a blind young male high school student, though the cause for his blindness is undetermined. In order to heal his medical condition, he is sent to live in a village with his uncle. There, he meets several girls, three of which stand out more than any of the others. They are Hayami Kohinata, Hinata Kangura, and Otoha. Otoha temporarily heals his blindness and Hirose uses his sight to help others. He finds out that, for some reason, Hayami Kohinata is hated in the village, and he tries his best to help her out. Meanwhile, many sad secrets unfold in the village...In an old world clash between light and darkness (as always), the evil Lord Uongadis is sealed away under a gigantic monument called the Earth Blade. 20 years have passed since the wars, and now the threat of evil being brought back is greater than ever as demons try to revive their lord.(Source: ANN)Akane Motomiya and her friends Tenma and Shimon are pulled by a demon into another world, where Akane becomes the Priestess of the Dragon God. The people of this world tell her that she is the only one who can stop the demons from taking over; meanwhile, the demons want to use her power for their own ends. Luckily, Akane has the Hachiyou, eight men with powers of their own who are sworn to protect the Dragon Priestess.(Source: ANN)Hiroko Matsukata is a woman who works for a magazine company. She puts all she has into her work, and is known as a strong, straight-forward working girl, who can at will turn herself into Hataraki man (working man) mode. Despite Hiroko's success at work, her life lacks romance. Even though a hard worker, she'd leave early anytime to go on a date. Too bad her boyfriend is an even bigger workaholic than Hiroko.(Source: ANN)Tenma Matsukaze is a new student at Raimon Junior High. Due to his love for soccer, he decides to join the school soccer team, which gained its reputation after the amazing performance shown ten years earlier in the Football Frontier International, a tournament that hosts the best youth teams the world has to offer. Unfortunately, the once renowned school doesn't have the soccer spirit it once enjoyed.This is primarily due to the fact that soccer in Japan is now controlled by a dark entity known as the "Fifth Sector." They alone decide the fate of every match, instructing teams to either win or lose. The actions of the Fifth Sector have beaten down the country’s soccer teams, who no longer have a love for the game.Tenma and his teammates will look to shift this paradigm and fight back against their evil oppressors. Thankfully, they will not be alone in this battle, as they will get help from a group known as the "Resistance." Cheer on the boys of Inazuma Eleven Go as they fight the good fight!Special episode included with the Blu-ray box set of the original Jewelpet Tinkle anime series.Haneru Tobitatsu is a hyperactive middle schooler with a passion for dancing. Inspired by his idol Jey El, the hottest star in the world of dancing, Haneru practices outside Memorial Hall every day after school. Unbeknownst to him, his "secret" practice sessions are being watched by Kanon Otosaki—her true identity being the famous online dancer, Rhythm—who also frequents the same location for practice. When Haneru finds out about this, he shows an immediate interest in teaming up with her.Slowly realizing the joy of performing with others, the duo makes their way into the world of street dancing, where they meet Kumonosuke, Mizuki, and Yuzuru, ultimately forming the dance group "Tribe Cool Crew." As they face off against tough competition, they strive to one day realize their dream of sharing the stage with Jey El.[Written by MAL Rewrite]10,000 years in the future, the world has become a very different place; monsters roam the land freely, and people, although equipped with high tech weapons and cybernetic horses, live a humble life more suited to centuries past. The story focuses on a small hamlet plagued by monster attacks and living under the shadow of rule by Count Magnus Lee, a powerful vampire lord who has ruled the land for thousands of years. When a young girl is bitten by the Count and chosen as his current plaything, she seeks out help of a quiet wandering stranger, D. It so happens that D is one of the world's best vampire hunters, and he takes it upon himself to cut through Magnus Lee's many minions, and put an end to the Count's rule.(Source: AniDB)Ten years ago, Jiang Xiaobai lost all his memories due to a traumatic event he no longer remembers. Now working as a trainee in Editorial Office No.2 of Wen Zheng Magazine, a literary periodical based in Chongqing, he is excited to begin a new chapter of his life: in two days, he finishes his probationary period and officially starts his job as an editor. He gives no thought to his recurring dream of a girl whose face can never clearly see.That evening, one of Jiang Xiaobai's seniors passes him the task of rushing to the airport to escort the idiosyncratic rising author Tong Li, who has returned from America to launch her first serialized novel in Chinese. As punishment for this senior reneging on his own duties, Jiang Xiaobai replaces him as Tong Li's new editor. Though they get off to a rough start, Tong Li soon recognizes Jiang Xiaobai as someone precious from her high school days. Before they know it, the wheels of fate are set in motion, as Jiang Xiaobai slowly uncovers clues about a long-forgotten girl from his past.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The mysterious, yellow-masked Storyteller is a man whose true name and origin are both unknown. He appears at dusk where children gather and recites sinister tales based on Japanese urban legends, to which his young audience eerily intakes. However, the Storyteller is no ordinary teller of tales. He incorporates a kamishibai, a traditional paper-scrolling device, to add visuals to his already demented narration.A series of short horror stories, Yami Shibai begins with a bachelor who, after moving into a new apartment, immediately starts sensing a malevolent glare being pressed into him. A single talisman rests on his ceiling, but he has no way of knowing it is one of the few safeguards that separate him from a bottomless pit of suffering. Each story is more terrifying, more appalling, and more sickening than the last as the Storyteller's audience find themselves being sucked into the vicious world of his words.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Yoshinaga Futaba wins the first prize in a lottery, the prize turns out to be a stone gargoyle. More surprising yet, the gargoyle turns out to be alive.(Source: ANN)Once a hot springs inn, now a boarding house with extraordinarily cheap rent, Yuragi-sou is virtually uninhabited save for a few peculiar residents. As rumor has it, it is haunted by a vile ghost which scares away all potential tenants. Therefore, it is the perfect refuge for Fuyuzora Kogarashi—a broke, homeless psychic seeking an affordable roof to stay under and ghosts to exorcise.Kogarashi prepares for a face-off against the ghost, only to find out it is not as malicious as the rumors made it out to be. Instead, it is the ghost of a beautiful, silver-haired girl whose only recollection of her life before death is her name: Yuuna. Even more baffling is that the other tenants of Yuragi-sou not only are able to see Yuuna as well, but each has their own supernatural ability.Amidst the chaos caused by his quirky fellow residents, Kogarashi attempts to uncover the regret that keeps Yuuna anchored to the world of the living, lest she become an evil spirit sentenced to spend her afterlife in hell.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It was announced at a Dengeki Game Festival stage event that the Strike the Blood light novel series will get a third OVA release. It will cover until the end of Seisen-hen.(Source: MAL news)During the 21st century, humanity attempted to colonize Mars by sending two species which could endure the harsh environment of the planet to terraform it—algae and cockroaches. However, they did not anticipate the species' remarkable ability to adapt. Now in the 26th century, a lethal disease known as the Alien Engine Virus has arrived on Earth, and the cure is suspected to be found only on Mars. The problem is, Mars in the present is overrun by creatures known as "Terraformars," incredibly powerful and intelligent humanoid cockroaches that mutated from those originally sent to the planet. The Annex I team, consisting of a hundred men and women genetically enhanced with characteristics of powerful organisms from earth, has been sent to Mars on a mission to find the cause of the Alien Engine Virus and to help cure humanity—signalling the start of the crew's fight for survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following the first season's gag action theme, the second season titled To Be Heroine features an original story and a new set of characters.You is about to leave home when she suddenly enters an incredible world. Appearing in front of her is an eight-year-old naked boy, and before she could even grasp the situation, she's attacked by assassins from a mafia group who were chasing the young boy. What was even more unrealistic for You was that the leader of this mafia was another assassin's attack.Who are those naked kids, why did her shoe turn into a warrior and above all, what kind of world did eight-year-old boy come from? Just like the first one, he's also almost naked! While trying to escape from the attackers, You loses one of her shoes and by a strange kind of magic, her shoe turned into a warrior who was able to save her by blocking the You enter?(Source: MAL News)A crisis is approaching Earth with the expansion of a moving black hole, in the year 2220. A plan is devised to move over 300-million people from Earth. When the latest transportation fleet is attacked, Space Battleship Yamato comes to its defense, the ship is now commanded by Susumu Kodai, also aboard is daughter Miyuki, child of Susumu and Yuki. (Source: FUNimation) At the start of her freshman year in college, Hana Uzaki reunites with Shinichi Sakurai, an upperclassman who was in the same club as her during her high school days. However, much to her surprise, the once active senior has ended up becoming a "lonesome" student, preferring to spend his free time in quiet peace.Uzaki does whatever she can to keep Sakurai from being "alone," from convincing him to go to the movies to going to his part-time workplace. While Sakurai finds her irritating and tiresome, he still goes along with Uzaki's hijinks and shenanigans, even if he knows that her perky personality will only lead the two of them into various comical situations.Even so, as the days pass by, their relationship only gets better, to the point where people around them misinterpret them to be a couple. At any rate, whenever Uzaki wants to hang out with her upperclassman, fun and adorable wackiness is sure to follow![Written by MAL Rewrite]After living 50 simulated high school lives and dating over 100 virtual boys, Tomoko Kuroki believes that she is ready to conquer her first year of high school. Little does she know that she is much less prepared than she would like to think. In reality, Tomoko is an introverted and awkward young girl, and she herself is the only one who doesn't realize it! With the help of her best friend, Yuu Naruse, and the support and love of her brother Tomoki, Tomoko attempts to brave the new world of high school life.Watashi ga Motenai no wa Dou Kangaetemo Omaera ga Warui! chronicles the life of a socially awkward and relatively friendless high school otaku as she attempts to overcome her personal barriers in order to live a fulfilling life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Even though they shared the same bus every morning and sat next to each other in class, Ayaka Kagari, the "Princess" of Tougetsu High School, was nothing more than an unreachable idol for Honoka Takamiya. The horde of students who worshipped the "Princess" was merely a nuisance to Honoka, living his lazy, regular high school life.Everything seemed perfectly normal until, one day, Honoka is attacked out of the blue by a mysterious witch. To his surprise, Ayaka saves his life, revealing herself to be a fire witch on a covert mission to protect Honoka.From that fateful day, the ordinary life of Honoka is turned upside down as he is thrown into the war between the Workshop Witches, who strive to protect the citizens, and the Tower Witches, who desire to steal a power hidden within him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The series was originally planned to be 20+ episodes but was cut short due to unknown circumstances. These specials released on the 7th DVD volume continue the story.Leo (a.k.a. Kimba in the U.S.) is a young ambitious lion cub who takes his father's place as emperor of the jungle when is father is killed by poachers. Even though his father's fate was met by the hands of humans, Leo is one of the few animals in the Jungle that doesn't fear or feel hatred toward humans. He is not alone either, he is guided by friends of his father to help create the best animal kingdom there can be. (Source: ANN)When Hiro Hiyorimi tries to save a beautiful young woman from certain death, he ends up a dead hero himself! However, since the drop-dead girl is Hime, daughter of the King of the Monsters, his "reward" is to come back as a not-quite-living soldier in her honor guard of horror! That means helping fight off the army of supernatural monstrosities Hime's siblings are unleashing against her in hopes of moving up the ladder of succession.And if facing off with vampires and zombies isn't bad enough, how can anyone be prepared for the REALLY weird ones, like were-sharks, pandas and killer dumplings? This sure as hell isn't the afterlife Hiro was hoping for, but the really sad part is that Hime is the good girl in all of this... or at least as close to good as you can come when you're on the wrong side of the gates of hell!(Source: RightStuf)Kazuya Kinoshita is a 20-year-old college student who has a wonderful girlfriend: the bright and sunny Mami Nanami. But suddenly, he doesn't. Without warning, Mami breaks up with him, leaving him utterly heartbroken and lonely. Seeking to soothe the pain, he hires a rental girlfriend through an online app. His partner is Chizuru Mizuhara, who through her unparalleled beauty and cute demeanor, manages to gain Kazuya's affection.But after reading similar experiences other customers had had with Chizuru, Kazuya believes her warm smile and caring personality were all just an act to toy with his heart, and he rates her poorly. Aggravated, Chizuru lambastes him for his shameless hypocrisy, revealing her true pert and hot-tempered self. This one-sided exchange is cut short, however, when Kazuya finds out that his grandmother has collapsed.They dash toward the hospital and find Kazuya's grandmother already in good condition. Baffled by Chizuru's presence, she asks who this girl might be. On impulse, Kazuya promptly declares that they are lovers, forcing Chizuru to play the part. But with Kazuya still hung up on his previous relationship with Mami, how long can this difficult client and reluctant rental girlfriend keep up their act?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A recap of the original anime's first quarter.After presumably failing 19 job interviews in one day, Juri Yukawa's dreams of moving out of her parents' home are utterly dashed. Stuck living with her working mother Nobuko, NEET brother Tsubasa, laid-off father Takafumi, and single-parent sister Sanae, the only hope for this family to raise a decent adult is her little nephew Makoto. However, this struggling family's life takes a turn for the worse when Makoto and Tsubasa are violently kidnapped by a mysterious organization and held for ransom. With only 30 minutes to deliver five million yen to the criminals, Juri's grandfather reveals a dangerously powerful secret to her and Takafumi.By offering blood to her grandfather's mystical stone, the three enter the world of "Stasis," a version of their world where time stops for everyone but the users. Having arrived at their destination, their rescue efforts go awry when they are assailed by a surprising group of people who are somehow able to move around within Stasis. While all hope seems lost, a monstrous giant known as the Herald appears amidst the chaos, its intent and motivations as cryptic as the very nature of this timeless world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sho and his friend Tetsurou stumble upon an odd alien artifact while walking through the woods. Then, the alien artifact breaks free of its metallic bonds and enters Sho's body, turning him into the Guyver. With this new power, Sho must do battle with the evil Chronos corporation and their genetically enhanced Zoanoids, who seek to get the Guyver back into their labs. No one close to Sho is safe from Chronos. He must fight. (Source: ANN)A quiet gothic horror story about a vampire girl, Miyu, whose destiny it is to hunt down murderous demons known as Shinma and return them to their land of origin, the Dark. Miyu is pursued by the Spiritualist Himiko, determined to find out who Miyu is and to stop her from sucking the life blood from helpless humans. Each of the four episodes chronicle one of Miyu's encounters with a Shinma and the humans that it is affecting, from the perspective of Himiko's pursuit of Miyu. (Source: AniDB) Three unbroadcasted episodes of the Macross 7 series. In "Fleet of the Strongest Women," the Macross 7 fleet encounters a rogue Meltrandi fleet led by an old rival of Millia. "On Stage" focuses on Ray's past as a fighter pilot, how he first met Basara, and how they formed Fire Bomber. In "Which One Do You Love," when Millia falls ill, she feels her life expectancy is running short and attempts to have Mylene engaged to Basara.(Source: ANN)After a daring escape from the Memory Museum, Sayaka Miki returns to Mitakihara City with unsettling news. Troubled by what she has learned, Sayaka reveals to Madoka Kaname and Homura Akemi the whereabouts of Mami Tomoe—but more importantly—the disturbing truth behind the existence of magical girls. Despite knowing the cruel fate that awaits them, the three quickly resolve to work together and save Mami once and for all.Meanwhile in Kamihama City, Yachiyo Nanami hunts various "rumors" in search of Hotel Fendt Hope, the headquarters for the Wings of Magius. The magical girl organization is Yachiyo's only lead in finding Iroha Tamaki, whose disappearance remains shrouded in uncertainty. Determined to reunite Team Mikazuki Villa, Yachiyo swears to destroy the Wings of Magius and put a stop to their insidious plans.Amid the turbulent situations, a calamitous threat approaches, presenting a dire conflict set to jeopardize the entire world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Continuing where the first season left off, the sudden increase of Thanatos with the disappearance of the Aube Hunters has now left Arcadia in ruin. Desperation reigns high as the Religious Organization fights to battle the Thanatos. Six months had already past since Hidamari mansion burned to ashes, the Aube Hunters, once hailed as heroes, is now blamed for the appearance of Thanatos. Nevertheless, hope still exists for the reappearance of the Queen's Egg one day, who will become the savior of Arcadia. Unknown to many however, the Aube Hunters have actually been silently waiting for the awakening of Angelique, who has been asleep the entire time.This is the autobiographic tale of Kobayashi Chitose, a young Japanese girl growing up in a Japanese-occupied North Korea. As World War II progresses, Chitose begins to realize that her family will not be able to escape the effects of the conflict. From the simple disappointment of not being able to get the type of backpack she wants for school, to her father's recruitment as a soldier, the war begins to impact her life in a very real manner. But the end of the war does not mean the end of hardship for her. The Koreans, fed up with years of Japanese rule and persecution, have joined forces with a Chinese-backed communist government and are systematically making life a living horror for the Japanese left in North Korea. Fearing reprisal since he was a Japanese veteran, Chitose's father risks everything to get his family out of the north and to the US-occupied area south of the 38th parallel.(Source: AniDB)Oishinbo is a drama about newspaper reporters. The main character is a cynical food critic named Yamaoka. Oishinbo is a popular mainstream comic for adults in Japan. It is even mentioned in an episode of "Iron Chef."(Source: AniDB)Onmyouji tells the story of renowned onmyouji Abe no Seimei, who meets and befriends the straightforward court noble Minamoto no Hiromasa. Together, they deal with strange cases in the Heian capital surrounding demons and curses.This episode explains why the title of the series is "Flame of Recca". The things that happened in this short OAV was in the last volume, volume 33, of the tankoubon of Flame of Recca.Several months have passed since Lan and Muginami left Earth. Now in her final year of high school, Madoka spends most of her days thinking about her friends, when Lan suddenly returns to Kamogawa City.(Source: VIZ Media)A teenager who was resurrected from the cemetery of the gods and demons, in the new continent formed by the collision of the East and the West ten thousand years later, searches for the truth of the fall of the gods and demons ten thousand years ago, as well as the pursuit of his lover Yuxin, the whereabouts of his parents and the reason for his resurrection. The protagonist develops, and finally leads to a story about the six paths and the chess game of heaven and earth.(Source: Baike Baidu)Motherless since birth, Pollyanna was an ordinary happy-go-lucky girl, leaving peacefully with her father, the vicar. Then one day her life changes completely when her father dies and she has to live with her aunt whom she has never met before. In the beginning, she seems to be detested by her but as time passes, they develop a very strong bond. (Source: ANN)The year is 2046. Detective Ross Sylibus is transferred to Mars when a country singer on her flight is murdered. Making matters more complicated is that the singer is a "Third"—a robot that looks and feels like a human. Sylibus is partnered with Armitage—a beautiful female cop with a bad attitude. As they investigate the murder of the singer and other women on Mars, they uncover a conspiracy that can have them both killed by the Martian government.(Source: ANN) It has been announced that Hiromu Arakawa's Arslan Senki manga will bundle OVAs in the fifth and sixth volumes, to be released on May 9 and November 9 respectively. The first OVA will include an original story supervised by Hiromu Arakawa, while the content of the second OVA has not been announced yet.Asura is an unrelentingly dark drama that follows the struggles of a young boy who did whatever it took to survive during a time of war and famine in medieval Japan.As New Year’s Eve draws closer, preparations for a holiday party are underway in Petersburg. In anticipation of the event, Eila Ilmatar Juutilainen of the 501st Joint Fighter Wing is determined to take Sanya V. Litvyak on a leisurely walk around the city. However, despite Eila's best intentions, she gets interrupted every time she gets a chance to ask Sanya out, ruining the moment and separating the girls. To make things worse, a Neuroi is approaching the base, threatening both the squadmates and the celebration in Petersburg.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...(Source: MAL News)Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...(Source: MAL News)Cinque returns to the land of Flonyard in Dog Days' to resume his duties as the hero of the Biscotti Republic and it's as though he never left!The difference this time is that he's brought two friends with him who become heroes in their own right: childhood best friend Rebecca Anderson, who becomes the hero for the Principality of Pastillage at the urging of their leader Princess Couvert Eschenbach Pastillage, and his cousin Nanami Takatsuki, who becomes the hero for the Galette Lion Dominion.As with the first season though, with so many secrets to be uncovered and mysteries to be solved, will there even be time for the athletic events that these three hyper and athletic teenagers love to participate in so much?In Penguin Village, humans live alongside talking animals and objects. Senbei Norimaki is one of these humans, and he's an inventor with the lofty dream of creating the world's best robot girl. The product of his efforts is Arale, but depending on your definition of perfect, she's anything but! Not only is Arale severely nearsighted, but she also has no common sense! At least she has super-strength, though that often proves to be a setback as well. Although she means well, Arale only causes trouble for her neighbors in the whimsical Penguin Village!Unaired footage included on the BD release of Evangelion: 3.0+1.0 Thrice Upon a Time.Jiu Yue is a nine-tailed fox spirit who is more than two centuries old. She faces her hardest challenge yet: trying to adapt to the modern world. Knowing she needs money to survive, she starts working at a company—only to realize her coworkers are just as mythical as her! As Jiu Yue and her new friends attempt to fit in, their non-human sides make even the most trivial situations take a ridiculous turn.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A TV special of Gakkou no Kaidan that aired almost 5 months after the original anime. However, this event takes place before the Finale episode of the TV series.The story focuses on a headless motorcycle rider. Gakusen Toshi Asterisk 2nd Season continues the story of Genestella students Ayato Amagiri and Julis-Alexia von Riessfeld, who have progressed to the next round of the Phoenix Festa after a long and strenuous battle with sisters Irene and Priscilla Urzaiz.Despite Julis and Ayato's best attempts, the fact that Ayato's powers have been sealed is no longer a secret. Now at a major disadvantage, the duo must come up with a plan if they are to have any hope of winning the Phoenix Festa. Only one thing is for sure: the troubles heading their way are only going to get more insurmountable from here on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Randou Rino is a young girl with a head full of air and a talking puppet on her hand. She is accepted into the illustrious Gokujou all-girl's school, and is summarily, almost curiously, accepted as part of the even more illustrious Gokujou Student Council, who has more power and business ventures than most large businesses. Now a part of the student council, she befriends the talented members of the Gokujou Student Council, leaving one to wonder how a girl with seemingly no talents or redeeming qualities would get chosen for such a group. (Source: ANN)Some time ago, the opening of a box known as the "Axia" set loose the previously sealed members of the Phantom Empire into the world. Rising to protect humanity from these spiteful villains are warriors known as the Precure, whose heroic feats have garnered them celebrity status on television screens across the globe.Hime Shirayuki, princess of the kingdom where the Axia was originally held, is one such warrior who transforms into "Cure Princess" to battle monsters summoned by the Empire. However, Hime's timid personality often hampers her success in fending off the enemy. Frustrated with her hard luck and determined to find a Precure partner, Hime befriends Megumi Aino, a happy-go-lucky teenager. When a general of the Phantom Empire appears, Hime fails to do much in the face of his attacks. Intent on protecting her new friend, Megumi ignites her hidden potential—transforming into "Cure Lovely."With their sights set on protecting the world, Megumi and Hime form a new Precure team known as the "Happiness Charge Precure" whilst embarking on a journey to discover true love.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of High Card.Unaired anime-original OVA bundled with 12th volume of the Hitsugi no Chaika novel.A young boy, tired of the city, escapes into the country. When trying to bring vegetables to the market to sell, his cart breaks down and he exchanges the vegetables for a mystical seed. Returning home he plants the seed in a normal pot—only to find it growing into a planet.(Source: ANN)Special prologue episode of the Inazuma Eleven: Ares no Tenbin series. It is a remake of the original Inazuma Eleven episode 27.After defeating Zeus and becoming the Football Frontier champions, the members of Raimon return to the soccer club. Unlike episode 27, the club is not invaded by aliens. Instead, everyone congratulates the team members for their remarkable achievements.Kidou Yuuto and Gouenji Shuuya then propose to take on the world. Hibiki Seigou comes in and, incidentially, proposes a match between Raimon and the Spanish youth league champion, Barcelona Orb.(Source: Inazuma Eleven Wiki)Akari Kanzaki has just joined an all-girls academy in hopes of entering the University Satellite, an elite sports training facility. She wants to win the title of Cosmo Beauty - a title held years ago by her mother. It's not an easy task for her as fear, doubt and peer pressure get in her way, but friends, rivals and fans slowly encourage her to overcome her obstacles and become the best of the Battle Athletes. (Source: ANN)A Shinigami named Baishin who was sealed by Soul Society long ago is set free on Earth. On a fateful day Ichigo encounters him and has roughly half of his reiatsu drained. Its now up to Ichigo and the Soul Society to finally put a stop to Baishin and his destruction.Deep Space, many different cultures have come together to live on planet Jet. To keep the peace an organization known as the Jetters is formed. This space police group fight against the villains known as the "Hige hige dan" making sure that the universe is safe. The leader of the Jetters Mighty is a powerful Bomberman, who is looked up to and respected....his brother however is a lazy crude slacker named Shirobon. Suddenly Mighty disappears and Shiro finds himself placed in a new situation. Shiro steps up and become a responsible Bomberman, and with the new friends he made of the Jetters it may become possible for him to be the next "Jetters leader."(Source: ANN)Set in the land of Yuguto, the people thought that the land they live is the size of the world, but it’s actually divided into several areas, each with a respective king. Even though there were small wars among areas, the kings had roundtable meetings to maintain peace and balance. It was until a dark group of dark monsters appeared...(Source: MAL News)3 kids meet 5 micro-sized superheroes from another world who enlist in their aid in fighting off alien invaders.Titans from outer space, life forms from a mystical world, phantoms and goblins from ancient times, cyborgs created by scientists, relics that rose out of the ruins of ancient civilizations. In another Japan, it's not just a question of "what if"—it's a reality. Some of the superhumans choose to keep their identities a secret, while others bask in their superhuman fame. Jiro Hitoyoshi, member of the Superhuman Bureau, keeps track of their doings.(Source: ANN)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Mini anime aired within the D4DJ variety program D4DJ Photon Maiden TV.On live television, Mina Tepes, the ruler of all vampires, reveals the existence of her species to the world and states her plan to build a sanctuary in Japan for vampires, called the Vampire Bund. Using her family's wealth to pay off the nation's debt, they have agreed to let her build this safe-haven for her fellow creatures of the night. But not everyone is so easily swayed by Mina's influence, as her announcement brings about conflict with humans who believe that the queen's quest for peace is a façade.Akira Kaburagi does not believe in vampires and gets uneasy whenever they are brought up, although he has yet to realize why. Apart from suffering a head injury a year ago, he lives on blissfully until he meets Mina. She triggers within him memories of a life he had long forgotten, and he soon begins protecting her without understanding why. But Akira's secret is far stranger than he could have ever thought possible—he discovers that he is a werewolf, sworn from birth to protect the vampire queen, even if it costs him his life. Now, as these two dance a rondo of death in the Vampire Bund, Mina and Akira find out just how deep their bond goes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Knowing that he is risking his life, Kei Kurono makes the uncharacteristic decision to jump onto train tracks to save a homeless man from death, only to perish in the process. But when he comes to, Kei finds himself in a room with several other recently deceased people, as well as a large, mysterious black ball. While the people in the room are trying to make sense of their situation, the ball suddenly opens, revealing a cache of weapons and strange black suits. The ball then instructs everyone that they have to hunt down an alien and teleports them to an unknown location.With very little information to work off of, Kei teams up with his childhood friend Masaru Katou and an unfamiliar woman, and the trio explore their new surroundings. It quickly becomes apparent, however, that they have stumbled into a dark and dangerous world where anything could happen to them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episode 0 of Gatchaman Crowds Insight to be streamed on Hulu before the airing of the main series.Mahiro Yasaka is just an ordinary high school student, until one day he is suddenly attacked by a dangerous monster. Just when everything seems to be lost, he is saved by a silver-haired girl named Nyaruko, who claims to be the shape-shifting deity Nyarlathotep from horror author H. P. Lovecraft's Cthulhu Mythos, sent by the Space Defense Agency to Earth. She explains to Mahiro that the creature chasing him was an alien called Nightgaunt, who had planned on abducting and selling him as a slave.After rescuing him from the alien, the Lovecraftian deity falls madly in love with Mahiro and forces herself into his household, much to his chagrin. Moreover, they are soon joined by two others from the fictional universe: Cthuko, a girl obsessed with Nyaruko, and Hasuta, a young boy easily mistaken for a beautiful female. Together, the three eccentric aliens protect Mahiro from the various extraterrestrial dangers that threaten both his and Earth's well-being, all the while making his life a living hell.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Halo Legends features seven different stories set in the Halo universe, each made by a different studio.The Babysitter follows the Helljumpers, Orbital Drop Shock Troopers who are sent behind enemy lines to perform an assassination.The Duel features the tale of an ancient Arbiter who refused to bow down to the Covenant religion. Branded a heretic, he must now face the consequences of his actions.The Package depicts a group of Spartans, including the Master Chief, who are deployed to infiltrate a Covenant flagship and retrieve a “package” in a secret operation.Origins shows Master Chief and Cortana stranded following the events of Halo 3, with Cortana summarizing the fall of the Forerunners, the defeat of the Flood, and the rise of humanity as well as the events of the Human-Covenant War.Homecoming centers on the Spartan Daisy, who reminisces on her past, and the SPARTAN-II project while evacuating UNSC soldiers pinned down by Covenant forces.Prototype is viewed from the perspective of Marine Sergeant Ghost, who is determined to fight for all he is worth in order to make up for past grievances.Odd One Out is a non-canon parody of Halo featuring Spartan 1337, who suffers from extremely bad luck.The story revolves around Kanipan aiming to be the best inventor and his adventures while trying to accomplish this.A new movie featuring a match between fan-voted members of the Inazuma Best Eleven team and the special Battle Eleven team.The genius robotics professor, Dr. Komyoji has created Kikaider—a humanoid robot tasked with the protection of Dr. Komyoji's son and daughter. Gifted with the conscience circuit, Kikaider is given the power to simulate real emotions that helps to distinguish between "right and wrong."Can Kikaider protect Dr. Komyoji's children and battle against the evil Dr. Gill and his army of androids? The fight against world domination lies in the hands of Kikaider.(Source: Bandai Entertainment)An expanded version of the first episode of Soukyuu no Fafner: Dead Aggressor - Exodus included in the Blu-ray & DVD Vol.1.Mirai Kasuga, who wants to carry on a dream she has yet to see. Shizuka Mogami, who yearns to be an idol and is shaken. Tsubasa Ibuki, who does not know what she can be serious about.At 765 Production new idols gather and everyone's "dreams" will brought into brilliance at the theater! The long-awaited anime of "The IDOLM@STER Million Live!!(Source: Official Site, translated)Tightrope tells the tale of the reluctant heir of a yakuza family and his childhood friend, and follows their love relationship that started budding in their school days and keeps developing slowly but surely.(Source: Simona's BL Research Lab)Timid 16-year-old Rito Yuuki has yet to profess his love to Haruna Sairenji—a classmate and object of his infatuation since junior high. Sadly, his situation becomes even more challenging when one night, a mysterious, stark-naked girl crash-lands right on top of a bathing Rito.To add to the confusion, Rito discovers that the girl, Lala Satalin Deviluke, is the crown princess of an alien empire and has run away from her home. Despite her position as the heiress to the most dominant power in the entire galaxy, Lala is surprisingly more than willing to marry the decidedly average Rito in order to avoid an unwanted political marriage.To LOVE-Ru depicts Rito's daily struggles with the bizarre chaos that begins upon the arrival of Lala. With an evergrowing legion of swooning beauties that continuously foil his attempted confessions to Haruna, To LOVE-Ru  is a romantic comedy full of slapstick humor, sexy girls, and outlandishly lewd moments that defy the laws of physics.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Wo Jia Da Shixiong Naozi You Keng.Set in 2142, Wonderful Days depicts a world that has been nearly destroyed by environmental pollution. Human life as we know it is almost extinct, and only a few were able to pull through the collapse of Earth's ecosystem. In order to deal with the chaos, a city named Ecoban was created. The city uses the very pollution that caused the disaster as an energy source.However, although the initial plan was successful to an extent, it didn't just create a new source of energy, but also an elite group of people. This prestigious faction believes that they are above the system, and are not willing to accept survivors from outside the city unless they are put to work as laborers.Among the people living in the wasteland outside Ecoban is a young man named Shua. He leads a very difficult life, but tries to make the most of it through the love that he feels for his childhood friend Jay. Unfortunately, Jay may be more interested in her security commander Cade than in Shua, and thus a love triangle is formed. Not only does Shua have to deal with the heartbreak, but he must also find a new way to survive in the crumbles left from the once-beautiful planet Earth.The second season of Wu Shang Shen Di.The movie will feature special guests such as popular familiar characters from the TV anime series and the latest Youkai from the upcoming Youkai Watch 2 sequel games.First half of the second season of Zhen Hun Jie.Deep in the forest, far from any human contact, there lives a child named Ryouma Takebayashi. He engages in the rather strange hobby of keeping various types of slimes as pets. Furthermore, despite his young age, he has a sturdy physique and good compatibility for magic. All of this is because, having endured much hardship in his previous life, three gods grace Ryouma with a second chance to pursue one goal: savor the wonders of life.After three years of comfortable solitude pass by, Ryouma meets people that will change his current life forever. When he encounters and helps some soldiers tend to their wounded comrade, the group convinces him to accompany them to visit the nearby town's ducal family. Ryouma agrees and soon embarks on a journey to explore the vast world beyond his home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]As the war between ZAFT's Coordinators and Earth's Naturals comes to a close, the survivors of the conflict recuperate. Some of these veterans heal with the aid of loved ones, and others choose to recover in isolation, reflecting on their losses and the friends no longer with them.In this epilogue to the hardships of Kira Yamato and Athrun Zala, the heroes come to terms with their roles in the recent war and prepare for adventures yet to come.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In ancient times, a great battle was waged between a master mage, Enno Ozuno, and an evil demon goddess, Karuma. Unfortunately, Enno didn't have the strength to defeat her alone and was forced to call upon Zenki, a powerful protector demon. After Karuma was defeated, Enno sealed Zenki away in a pillar located inside his temple.1,200 years after this epic battle, Enno's descendant, Chiaki, spends her days showing tourists around her hometown of Shikigami-cho and doing exorcisms to pay the bills. One day, two thieves enter the town in hopes of opening a seal in the Ozuno temple and releasing the hidden treasure from within. However, what actually pops out is a dark entity that attaches itself to the henchmen, transforming them into demonic beings. After this transformation, they begin a rampage through the temple, terrorizing poor Chiaki.It is now up to this young progeny to unleash her family's powers to summon Zenki and save Shikigami-cho from these demons, as well as the evil entities sure to follow in their footsteps.Yuuki Oojima is a member of his high school's Food Research Club, whose main activity is eating snacks bought with funds allocated to them by the school. However, this peaceful and wasteful lifestyle is under threat as the upcoming student election draws near. Satsuki Shinonome, a major candidate and the head of the department of financial affairs, campaigns on a platform that includes disbanding meritless clubs such as the Food Research Club and redirecting their budgets to proper ones.Understandably, the Food Research Club is in an uproar over this development, with president Chisato Sumiyoshi vowing to preserve it. But what can they even do to stop the highly competent and popular Satsuki from getting elected?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following an accident where Masato Inohara batted a baseball into the school's water main, the boys' dormitory is partially crippled. Until a plumber repairs the damage, the boys have to stay in the girls' dormitory. To determine which rooms they'll be assigned to, they draw tickets from a hat. Unfortunately, due to the limited capacity, some of the boys will have to go without a bed.Once Riki Naoe draws his ticket, he gets one that forces him to stay in one of the less-than-cozy clubrooms. Seeing his hapless predicament, a nervous Kudryavka "Kud" Noumi musters enough courage to confront her feelings while asking Riki to sleep in her room instead. Despite the rest of the Little Busters incessantly teasing Kud and Riki about their relationship, he stays with her throughout the summer. As they share unforgettable experiences one after another, the two realize that they might want to be more than just friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of the everyday life of the lady with many cats. Based on a blog by the cat owner.Actress Miki Nakatani (Ringu, Densha Otoko) will take over the series' voice acting duty in second season.Inspector Zenigata has been removed from the Lupin case which leaves him despondent, and he ends up drinking with Lupin & Jigen. Lupin decides that he and his gang should work with Zenigata to solve his new case, investigating a group of arms dealers known as Shot Shell. Lupin gathers his partners together (Jigen, Goemon, & Fujiko), and with Zenegata they steal a Russian submarine. They kidnap a scientist named Karen Korinsky to help them operate the sub, and also to protect her from Shot Shell. Meanwhile the ICPO assigns a man named Keith Hayden to the Lupin case, and unlike Zenigata he wants Lupin and his group dead. Where ever Lupin and friends go, Keith follows, as the officer attempts to pick them off one by one. (Source: ANN)In these short animated clips, little dog-faced talking beans appear in people's food and inform them about different facts.After a sudden coup d'etat by the court scientist Dr. Akamashi results in the king's death, Princess Alita Castilia Arago Forland is forced to flee the capital. During her mad dash for survival deep into the forest, Alita collides with the brutal and temperamental bounty hunter Falis, which causes the two women to magically switch bodies.Using her original body as collateral, Alita convinces Falis—and her henchmen Dominikov and Pete—to help take back the capital from the treasonous scientist by pretending to be the real princess. However, while the plan was initially successful, the only diplomacy Falis knows is with her sword. Alita must now work hard to make sure the kingdom is not trading one royal scandal for another, all while the two displaced women look for a way to return to their original bodies.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nana Episode 11.5: Junko's Room Nana Episode 21.5: Junko's Room 2 Nana Episode 36.5: Junko's Room 3 Yuuta was 12-year-old boy, who had lost his father in the traffic accident one year ago. In the summer vacation, he visited a deserted dam deep in the mountains, where he had a good time with his father before. Suddenly a thunder storm occurred and he slipped on the ground. He lost consciousness and woke up to find a girl and an unfamiliar village. He time-traveled 30 years and reached a village, which sank at the bottom of the dam. This is Yuuta's precious memory of "another" summer vacation. Pikachu and Meowth are on a search: a search for the elusive Pokémon, Mew. They search everywhere! The sea, the sky, the woods...will they ever find Mew? (Source: Bulbapedia)Pinon, the boy who flows within his body, the blood of the three races (the Dragons, the fairies and the humans), is actually the son of the Courageous One, Pietro. Pinon's encounter with a mysterious animal, Pap, opens up the door to an adventurous journey. He befriends Luna and Marco on the way. However, when he learns that his adventure will determine the fate of PoPoLoCrois, Pinon hardens his heart and leaves his friends. Unknown to him, this is an introductory chapter to a new adventure and Pinon will realise that he must resolve the bigger crisis present in PoPoLoCrois. (Source: ANN)Tooru Kouno's attractive appearance draws unexpected attention on his first day at an all-boys school. Having to transfer to a school without girls has been bad enough, but adding to his list of frustrations are boys staring at him all day long. However, he hopes that there may be girls around, since he ran into a lovely pink-haired girl on campus earlier that day.After being escorted to his dorm by his classmate, Yuujirou Shihoudani, he meets a student named Mikoto Yutaka, who looks eerily similar to the girl he saw previously. To his shock, he realizes Mikoto is the girl and confronts him about this revelation. Yuujirou divulges that he and Mikoto crossdress as part of their job: a school tradition in which attractive first years are chosen as idols called "Princesses" in order to boost the morale of the students—and because of his looks, Tooru has been chosen by the student council as their third Princess![Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired episodes of Senyuu. released with BD/DVD volumes.1. Yuusha, Nagurareru. / Nise Panda no Seitai (Vol. 1)2. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 1 (Vol. 2)3. Shitsujichou no Tabi Sono 2 (Vol. 3)4. Gakuen Senyuu.: Seishun Monogatari (Vol. 4)Under the veil of the shining night, the mysterious phantom thief Joker performs daring heists on one valuable treasure to the next. Although often backed into a corner by persistent police investigator Dokusaburou Oniyama, the self-proclaimed "Miracle Maker" uses his arsenal of flashy tricks to escape, straddling the line between science and magic. In the middle of a heist to steal the "Dragon Gem" from the mansion of a haughty multimillionaire, Joker meets Hachi, a clumsy but earnest ninja. Hachi is after the same treasure but idolizes Joker, who in return merely sees him as a nuisance. Still, the two are able to work together to perform a successful heist. Seeing Hachi's wit and courage, as well as his convenient ability to perform housework, Joker reluctantly accepts him as a disciple.As they set off with their eyes set on the next prize, Joker and Hachi butt heads with other phantom thieves. Facing both old friends and new foes alike, Joker competes to become the best "magician" of the shining night.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bundled with the franchise's Kill Me Baby Super Best Album CD (キルミーベイベー・スーパー). OAD adapted eight previously unanimated story episodes from Kazuho's original manga.(Source: ANN)The story focuses on high school girl Nagisa Yukiai who lives in a seaside town. She has believed her grandmother's story that spirits dwell in words and they are called "kotodama" (word spirit). One day, she strays into a mini FM station that has not been used for years. As an impulse of the moment, she tries to talk like a DJ using the facility. But her voice accidentally broadcasted reaches someone she has never expected.(Source: Crunchyroll)The Chojin Crown, the tournament which Mantaro (Kid Muscle) reluctantly participates in. After going along with the obstacles (most of which were created to try and eliminate him), he qualified.(Source: Wikipedia)For many girls in N-City, playing the popular social role-playing game Magical Girl Raising Project is as close as they could come to being a real magical girl. However, for some rare players, that dream can become a reality. One such girl is Koyuki Himekawa, who receives a notification one night that she has been selected to become a magical girl, her in-game avatar Snow White.As Koyuki and other chosen players in the city begin helping those in need, they all receive yet another notification: the admins have decided that they want to reduce the number of magical girls. Whoever collects the least amount of Magical Candies—which are awarded for their magical girl activities—in their competition each week will lose their powers. But when a real-world tragedy happens to the first player that drops out, they are shown the repercussions of losing their abilities. As more participants inevitably lose the competition and more twisted rules are added, the girls soon realize that their "contest" is actually a desperate fight for survival.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pero, a sword-wielding cat-in-boots sentenced to death for sparing a mouse, escapes his execution and embarks on a journey. Along the way, he teams up with a company of bandit mice and Pierre, a gentle orphan who has been cheated out of his inheritance.When Pero learns that Princess Rose is seeking a husband, he becomes determined to make sure that Pierre is the one chosen. However, Princess Rose is forcibly betrothed to the wicked ogre Lucifer! Pero begins to spin a web of lies to enthrall Rose with Pierre, but Pero's boasts are far from the truth. Pierre has to keep up with Pero's bold image of him but is frightened, because while Princess Rose is charming, loving her means going against the Devil's wishes.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Luffy and crew takes on Arlong's crew in baseball. Announced by Bon Clay and Buggy.(Source: ANN)noitaminA's 10th anniversary commemoration short special.High-tech LaRousse City is a pretty impressive place to visit—and a pretty impressive place for a Pokémon battle, too! Satoshi heads straight for their renowned Battle Tower, but things don't turn out too well when his battle partner turns out to be a scared boy named Tooi. Because of a frightening childhood incident, Tooi is scared of all Pokémon—even cute ones like Pikachu!There's a lot more to be frightened by when Deoxys shows up and takes control of the city, shutting down the machines and taking everyone captive. One Pokémon that is not amused is the Legendary Rayquaza, and it will do whatever it takes to remove this invader from its territory! Meanwhile, Satoshi, Tooi, and all their friends may be caught in the middle, but they're certainly not out of the fight!(Source: Official site)An indentured Chinese laborer, brought to Japan to work in a coal mine during WWII, manages to escape his captors. He hides out in the Japanese countryside, so far from human habitation that he does not realize when the war ends, with ultimately tragic results. Based on a story by Yoichi Takashi."My name is Baja. That's what everyone calls me, so it's probably Baja. I came here from the outside world when I was little. As for what happened when I was born, I don't remember much of it."Kohata Anime Studio is a place full of dreams where animation is made. Baja was raised in this studio by the people who create animation. Floating in a pond outside is his friend the duck. Baja enjoys a fun and blissful daily life. One night, when all the people are no longer at the studio, Baja takes a peek outside and finds that his duck friend is being attacked by a cat. Will Baja be able to save his friend? A wondrous night adventure begins!(Source: MAL News)After keeping their BitBeasts out of harm's way, a new world championship tournament is announced, but the defending champions can't all be on the same team. Their friendship will be tested and tried as each Bladebreaker goes on a quest to prove why they are the best Beyblader around. Tyson, Max, Ray, Kai, and newcomer Daichi, must keep up their winning ways...even if they must face each other. But, after the tournament is over, what awaits them is an old foe, Boris, taking over the BBA and transforming it into BEGA, the Beyblade Entertainment Global Association. To save Beybladers of the entire world from BEGA's corruption, the Bladebreakers must reunite once again...(Source: ANN)Chris Redfield enlists the help of Leon S. Kennedy and Rebecca Chambers to stop a death merchant, with a vengeance, from spreading a deadly virus in New York.(Source: IMDB)This was originally from the Black Jack (2004), but weren't aired then, only later. There are two episodes in this:The Dog ThiefKamaitachi in the WoodlandsThe short centers on the Game Development Department of Millennium Science School, and shows Momoi being roped into various activities as she struggles to come up with ideas for a game's story.(Source: ANN)Sixth season of Cardfight!! Vanguard: D Series.When Hideki Motosuwa leaves his apartment and accidentally forgets his wallet, Chii takes the wallet and follows him, leaving Sumomo and Kotoko alone in the apartment. It doesn’t take long time until Sumomo discovers that Chii forgot her panties, so Sumomo and Kotoko sets out on an adventurous trip to return the panties to Chii.(Source: ANN)Upon meeting for the first time, undefeated street fighter Daimon, Masaru and renegade Digimon Agumon become friends in the most natural way possible for the knuckleheaded duo—by fighting their hearts out. The self-proclaimed "ultimate team" are recruited by a secret government organization called the Digimon Data Squad, or DATS, who had witnessed an unbelievable human fighting blow for blow with a Digimon. Their primary objective is investigating mysterious problems caused by Digimon entering the real world, and the world is currently in the midst of a crisis with Digimon appearing at an unprecedented rate. Embarking on various missions with DATS, Daimon and Agumon become colleagues with adolescent genius Touma Norstein and his Digimon partner Gaoman, along with the kind-hearted Yoshino "Yoshi" Fujeda and her Digimon partner Lalamon. As the group continues to investigate the rapid increase of Digimon in their world, a darker truth begins to surface, and it is up to Daimon, Agumon, and their friends to get to the bottom of things.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Doraemon created a hideout for everyone in an underground cave and Suneo got lost. Everyone came back out except Suneo. After finding out that he was lost the entrance was broken. They have to find another entrance to the caves and end up in a dinosaur world. Vanho , a soldier rescued them and said that he found Suneo. When they found Suneo they found out about Vanho's people's plans. Their plan it to study Doraemon's group as human specimens and take over Earth's suface .(Source: ANN)A French Bulldog is adopted from the Happy Kennel by a girl named Ai and is given the name Alex. She tells him stories and reads to him from a book titled The Adventures of Freddy about dog who leaves home to find the Fortune Tree.However, he is separated from Ai when he mistakenly follows a girl wearing the same clothes as Ai on a bus. Adopting the name Freddy, after the hero in Ai's storybook, Alex begins his quest to return to Ai. But before he can return to his owner, Freddy and his new friends must find the Fortune Tree and save it from dying, otherwise all the humans in the world will lose their good will and no longer care about their pets.(Source: Wikipedia)On an island, legend has it that monsters have lived there since ancient times. Because of this, the residents have named the island “Monster Island.” In actuality, the monsters living on the island are friendly, but live in fear of humans. A child named Kotake wanders onto the island. A grumpy red ogre named Naki ends up taking care of the child. What strange things might this encounter cause?Summary movie of Hamatora The Animation and Re:␣Hamatora.Shuuichi Kagaya is what one would consider an average high school student, but sometimes, he turns into a monster. He doesn't know how or why he got his abilities, only that he would prefer no one knows about them. One night, he finds a building ablaze with a girl trapped inside. Deciding to save her, he transforms and carries her to safety, but accidentally drops his phone.The next day, the girl he saved—Claire Aoki—finds him and confronts him about his monster identity. She even goes so far as to push him off the school roof to prove her theory after Shuuichi denies her allegations. Desperate to save himself, he transforms, and Claire snaps a picture in order to blackmail him into telling her everything he knows about monsters, which, ironically, isn't much.As it turns out, Claire has a secret of her own: she has been searching for her sister, who also became a monster. She enlists Shuuichi's help to track her down, but they aren't the only ones searching for answers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The short follows Saitama after he discovers a 1-yen (about US$0.01) sale for high-grade hot-pot meat — but the sale ends at 5:00 p.m. that day.(Source: ANN)Atsuko "Akko-chan" Kagami (known variously as "Stilly," "Caroline," or "Julie" in Western versions of the anime) is an energetic elementary school girl who has an affinity for mirrors. One day, her favorite mirror which was given to Akko by her mother (or in some versions, by her father, as a present from India) is broken, and she prefers to bury it in her yard rather than throw it to the trash can. In her dreams, she is contacted by a spirit (or in some cases the Queen of the Mirror Kingdom) who is moved that the little girl would treat the mirror so respectfully and not simply throw it away. Akko-chan is then given the gift of a magical mirror and taught an enchantment that will allow her to transform into anything she wishes.(Source: Wikipedia)The second season of Strike the Blood which adapts three arcs from the 9th, 11th, and 12th light novel volumes. Rounding off season 3, Natsumi and Miyuki reminiscince about their lives at Bokuto station while hearing from people they've met through work. (This is limited to characters they've met in season 3.)We are also introduced to Bokuto Station's two new recruits; Kaori Takano and Sakura Fujieda. Starting off their duty, they are taken on a field trip by Miyuki and Natsumi and quickly find out what will be expected of them as police officers.The story on Arcadia's mystery, on which the 13th television episode was based.Recap of first cours of Vanitas no Karte narrated by Toshiyuki Morikawa. Includes a short preview of the second cours.Takashi Katori is a big fan of online games, and so is his American friend Sarah. However, one of their RPGs goes too far, as their virtual world and the Lezarion robot that Takashi created for the game somehow mix with reality. Takashi is caught, but later the Earth Governement discovers that an evil scientist from the Moon (now a sort of abandoned colony with restricted access) is hacking into virtual worlds and security, so they force Takashi to pilot the Lezarion and, with Sarah's help, fight evil and protect the Earth.(Source: ANN)In the year 1930, vampires have infiltrated Tokyo to feast upon its unsuspecting citizens. As the number of victims continues to rise, the city's authorities decide to hire the Jaegers—a strange, diverse group of individuals tasked by the V Shipping Company to hunt down vampires around the world. Carrying musical instrument cases to disguise their identity, the Jaegers battle the vampires with the same mercilessness demonstrated by their foes.Yuliy, the Jaeger's most skilled warrior, is the sole survivor of a vampire raid on his home village. Using the strength granted by his werewolf blood, he works with his team to assist Tokyo's law enforcement with the city's vampire problem. Though under the pretense of helping the police, the Jaegers are actually fighting the vampires over the mystical Ark of Sirius. With its power to change the fate of the world, Yuliy and his friends must locate the artifact before the vampires can use it to achieve their destructive goals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Following a successful graduation performance, Yuuta Hoshitani and the rest of the second years begin preparations for the upcoming Ayanagi Festival. This year's festival is the first time the students will be without their Kao Council mentors, giving them the creative freedom to do what they want. Hoping to perform alongside each other for once, the second years decide to put on a joint production together. The festival’s opening ceremony will also serve another purpose—to reveal next year's Kao Council candidates. The Kao Council announces that Team Hiiragi was selected for the opening ceremony performance, preventing them from participating in the collaboration. This shocks and enrages Hoshitani and the others, driving a rift between them and the Kao Council. In an effort to realize their dreams, the students begin to hatch a plan to ensure that all of the second years can perform together on stage.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourth season of Strike the Blood.Monsters walk the earth. While some may refute their existence as myths or urban legends, the Winchester brothers—Sam and Dean—know all too well what dangers lurk out there in the dark. Driving around in their 1967 Chevrolet Impala, these brothers have made it their life's mission to destroy anything supernatural that would threaten human lives.From shapeshifters to werewolves, vampires, ghosts, and even demons, the Winchesters track down and kill every evil being they can find, while also searching for the creature that caused them so much personal tragedy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]For Uncle, a lecherous but handsome toilet designer, it is just an ordinary day of neglecting his duties as a single parent to hit on women and talk about his "superpower": his ability to tell a lady's hip size at a glance. But when he is sucked down into a toilet, the Space Peace Republic Alliance Hero Committee gives him real superpowers, and he becomes the hero of Earth. There is only one problem—he has become an ugly, unrecognizable fatty who is unable to reveal his real identity.Uncle's beloved daughter Min-chan does not believe that such a vulgar fatty could be her father, and casts him out of his own home. Distraught and homeless, he joins up with his perverted neighbor Yamada-san, a small man with a fondness for streaking, and sets out to convince Min-chan that he is her father.Full of sexual innuendo and slapstick humor, To Be Hero follows Uncle as he befriends bizarre allies and combats even more bizarre foes, fighting for the future of earth against aliens and—more importantly—his future with his daughter.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special shown at the Jump Super Anime Tour in 2009.In a world where the taste and texture of food is extremely important, there exist individuals known as Bishoku-ya (luxury food providers) who specialize in the acquisition of rare ingredients and animals. Toriko is one of these hunters and it is his dream to find the most precious foods in the world and create the ultimate dinner course. As one of the most skilled hunters in the world he is regularly hired by restaurants and the rich to seek out new ingredients and rare animals.A man with inhuman ability, he utilizes his incredible strength and knowledge of the animal kingdom to capture ferocious, evasive and rare beasts to further his final goal, the ultimate dinner course composed of the most delicious food in the world. He is currently accompanied by a weak and timid chef who, inspired by Toriko's ambition, travels with him to improve his culinary skills and find rare ingredients.Short animation series for Minato Aqua, Hoshou Marine, Gawr Gura, and Ninomae Ina'nis' collab.Aomatsu is just an ordinary otaku leading an uneventful life in middle school. In an attempt to spice things up, he decides to visit the roof of the school, and it is there that he sees a mysterious young maiden with pitch-black hair. Unbeknownst to him, her name is Tomoko Kuroki, and she is infamous for her bizarre behavior.The conversation that ensues from the meeting leaves a lasting impression on Aomatsu, compelling him to return day after day just to see Tomoko again. Tomoko's view of their meetings, however, is quite different from that of Aomatsu, leading to the two having significantly different memories of a particular event.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Due to dangers of decreasing resources and growing pollution, the International Scientific Organization (ISO) is established to improve environmental conditions throughout the world. But an international criminal group, Gallactor, tries to achieve world domination by taking control of the ISO. Gallactor was created by a mysterious being from outer space known as Generalissimo X, who gives orders through its chief commander on Earth, the masked Berg Katse. To fight Gallactor and its robot monsters, the ISO's Dr. Nambu enlists five brave youths into a combat squad called Gatchaman,the Science Commandos. Special scientific powers and dramatic birdlike costumes make the Gatchaman Squad a match for Gallactor, wherever on Earth it may strike. Ken (the Eagle) is the wise leader, assisted by sometimes-foolhardy Joe (the Condor), pretty Jun (the Swan), eager little Jinpei (the Swallow), and strong Ryu (the Horned Owl). Each has individual scientific weapons, but their main power lies in their aircraft, the Phoenix, which can transform itself into a fiery arrow capable of piercing the most massive threats. GATCHAMAN is a series of dynamic action and tension as Ken, Joe, Jun, Jinpei, and Ryu hold themselves in constant readiness to meet each new threat by Gallactor to conquer the world.(Source: Official Site)About Battle of the Planets (U.S.)Tokiko Mima, nicknamed "Key," is a 17-year-old girl living in the Japanese countryside who, despite her human-like appearance, is a robot. When Key's grandfather Dr. Murao Mima passes away, he leaves her a dying message, telling her that she can become a real girl if she is able to make thirty thousand friends. Thus, Key moves from the quiet Mamio Valley to the busy streets of Tokyo, where she soon runs into her childhood friend Sakura Kuriyagawa.Key quickly becomes enamored with idol singer Miho Utsuse and wonders if becoming a singer will allow her to make the amount of friends needed for her to become human. But Miho carries a ominous secret: she is connected to Jinsaku Ajou, an old rival of Dr. Mima trying to make new a breakthrough in robotic weaponry. As Key works to become a real girl, Ajou sets a dangerous plan into action, and it turns out there's much more to Key than meets the eye.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second out of three compilation movies for the Zeta Gundam series.(Source: AniDB)The movie is an alternative version to the "Satsuriku no Deep Blue" arc of the 1997 Kindaichi TV series.Kindaichi, Miyuki and Fumi are invited to the resort of the Deep Blue Island by their senpai Akane, the daughter of the president of the Aizawa Group. A group of criminals infiltrate the hotel diguised as waiters to kill the members of the Aizawa Group. The criminals don't know their boss in person, and they don't know either that he's in the hotel with the members of the Aizawa Group.Kinnikuman II Sei takes place several years after the events of the original Kinnikuman. Mantarou Kinniku is the 59th prince of Planet Kinniku and son of the renowned wrestler, King Suguru. Lazy, immature, and cowardly, Mantarou seems to have little in common with his heroic father. When a powerful group calling themselves the dMP threatens the Earth, only someone as powerful as Kinnikuman stands a chance against them. Not knowing the current whereabouts of the King, a plan is formed to have his son Mantarou take up the mantle. The idea of fighting super villains does not sit well with Mantarou, who initially runs away from his duty. He flees to Earth where he encounters Meat, his father’s old trainer. Despite Mantarou's shortcomings, Meat sees King Suguru in him, and believes he can set the prince on the right path. Thus begins Mantarou's journey to better himself and save the world.Koutarou visits Komada Distillery for a project on Japanese craft whisky. Led by young female president Rui, who took over the family business, the distillery works hard to reproduce its signature whisky, Koma, which they had to stop making years ago. However, not to mention financial backing, too many clues are missing to revive the once lost whisky.(Source: Annecy Festival, edited)It has been half a century since humans took to the sky to hunt dragons. Although dragons present a great danger, every part of them is extremely valuable, and brave dragon hunters, called "drakers," risk their lives aboard special dragon-hunting airships to pursue them.However, despite the thrill and excitement of hunting, the life of a draker is not easy. Ostracized by society, the drakers have no place to call home. Life in the air is not any easier either: maintaining an airship is dull and expensive—and dragons are even harder to catch, as each one is unique. One of the last remaining such airships is the Quin Zaza. Its courageous crew includes Takita, an eager newcomer trying to earn her place on the ship; Mika, a reckless but highly skilled hunter; and Jirou, an earnest young man chasing both the dragons and his past. United by the same goal, these hunters face arduous aerial battles that involve daring feats of skill, strategy, and more than their fair share of danger.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lupin's on the trail of a decades-lost treasure—the collected booty of World-War-II-era thief Harimao—worth billions of dollars. But as he plans to con retired British spy Sir Archer into giving up the location of the stash, Archer himself gets into the hunt. Lupin now has to team up with his former mark to outwit a more sinister opponent who wants the treasure for himself. And of course, Zenigata's on the scent and gunning for the gang once again.(Source: ANN)Lupin III aims to steal a Japanese cultural treasure "Jigoku Nyorai Zo," which is found in the recreation facilities of Nazi Germany. However, this valuable object is also targeted by Morgana, a mysterious figure who leads a ninja thief gang.Megu is sent to Earth in her early teens, she is adopted by Mammi Kanzaki, a former witch who gave up her royal ambitions to wed a mortal. Mammi bewitches her husband and their two children, Rabi and Apo, into believing that Megu has always been the eldest child of the family. Under Mammi's tutelage, Megu learns to control both her abilities and impulses in order to prove her worthiness for the crown. This Rite-of-Passage subtext is continued throughout the series.(Source: ANN)When Kanako Miyamae transferred to a new all-girls school, she hoped to find true love. What she found instead was the beautiful Mariya Shidou, a charming classmate Kanako met on her first day. But Mariya has one flaw: she is actually a cross-dressing boy! After discovering Mariya's secret and becoming stuck with him as her roommate, Kanako's life has become a series of misfortunes. All she wants is to find the girl of her dreams, which is hard to do with the meddling of the sadistic Mariya and his sharp-tongued maid Matsurika Shinouji.Maria†Holic Alive continues the story of Kanako as she deals with being Mariya's roommate and aims to find true love, while enduring high school itself.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on a shounen gag manga by Masuda Kousuke serialised in Monthly Shounen Jump.The Seven Deadly Sins, along with Elizabeth Liones and Hawk, have won the Kingdom of Leones back from the Holy Knights. At long last, it's their time to indulge in the peaceful lives they fought for. From inedible meat pies, overdue battles, unexpected stalkers, and the butterflies of first love, the Sins are accompanied by their friends in their carefree, fun-filled time together. However, the calm is broken with the premonition of a new threat, bringing upon the signs of Holy War and threatening to shatter the peace of the Sins' easygoing days.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While enjoying a barbecue alongside team members and peers, Naruto Uzumaki stumbles upon a strange old bottle that houses a genie! The mythical being is willing to grant three wishes, but in a flurry of excitement, Naruto ends up wasting the first two. Outraged, Sasuke Uchiha and Sakura Haruno start fighting with him over the last remaining chance.As the other ninjas join the dispute, the whole matter—before they know it—turns into an all-out brawl for the precious container.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One morning, an old lady meets a stray cat searching for food in garbage cans and decides to take him back home to give him a proper meal. Despite being surprised to learn that the cat named Tsushima has the ability to speak, she nevertheless chooses to adopt him and entertains all of his whims. Ore, Tsushima details the hilarious adventures of the gluttonous and lazy Tsushima leopard cat in his new foster family.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Chisato Mizusawa is a calm and collected assistant office manager who apparently dislikes drinking alcohol. But she actually likes it and has a secret side to her that emerges only when drunk: her cute persona, which she only reveals to her husband, the bartender Sora. Each day when Chisato comes home, Sora takes care of his beloved wife, providing her with a good meal and a fresh drink. These drinks include Plum Splet, Irish Coffee, Orange Breeze, and many more tasty concoctions that she eagerly gulps down. But as much as she likes alcohol, she loves her kindhearted husband more. Together, they share a life that is filled with happiness—and the more-than-occasional cocktail.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Specials bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD volumes of Overlord featuring simplified character animations. Whether it is the future or the past it is the world of fantasy and horror hiding in the shadow of the demon city. In the city, consecutive mysterious incidents that cannot be solved by science have occurred. To solve the incidents, they gather three girl detectives possessing special abilities.Hayama Kotono. She is an orphan living in a convent.Shirafuji Natuski. She is Kotono's classmate and a pop idol.Hijiri Misaki. She is a mysterious girl who fights against nightmares of her previous life.Those who want to bring the Judgement Day to the world.Those who want to save the world.Which is justice, and which is evil?When Kotono encounters a boy who lost his memory, the wheel of the story begins to move but slowly. Then, solving the mysteries, the three girls will confront the fate that will influence the existence of the human beings.(Source: AnimeNfo)Having been best friends since middle school, Haruka Takayama and Yuu Sonoda plan to attend Misato West High School together. However, despite being assigned to the same class, a cruel twist of fate has them seated on the opposite ends of their classroom! To make matters worse, their school will shut down in three years, making them the final intake of first-year students. Undeterred by this chain of unfortunate events, Haruka is set on sticking with Yuu, striving to create many wonderful memories with her.Much to Haruka's jealousy however, Yuu's easygoing demeanor quickly attracts the attention of their female classmates. Sympathizing with her friend's growing insecurity, Yuu ends up sharing a deep, affectionate kiss with her in an empty classroom. The act intensifies their bond as "special friends," gradually revealing a different aspect to their unique friendship while also inviting new conflicts.[Written by MAL Rewrite]With dead and lifeless eyes, Rachel Gardner wishes only to die. Waking up in the basement of a building, she has no idea how or why she's there. She stumbles across a bandaged murderer named Zack, who is trying to escape. After promising to kill her as soon as he is free, Rachel and Zack set out to ascend through the building floor by floor until they escape.However, as they progress upward, they meet more twisted people, and all of them seem familiar with Rachel. What is her connection to the building, and why was she placed in it? Facing a new boss on each floor, can Rachel and Zack both achieve their wishes?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style. Bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes 3 to 6 of the anime.The third season of Koihime Musou.Han's high court general Kashin (何進) was forced to swallow a cursed pill from Chou Jou. The effect is slowly turning her into a cat, which she dislikes. Chou Jou also made use of the emperor's name to dispose her from the Han court as a traitor.She met Kada during her escape while Kada brought her to the Touka village, whom he believes they would help her.A former gymnast, Aikawa Maki has turned her skills to a different way of life—street fighting. The only thing that truly makes her feel alive is violence. With amazing power and grace, she fights opponent after opponent, repeatedly demonstrating the gymnastic talent that earns her her nom de guerre, "Airmaster."Tennomifune Academy is an elite institution for the best and the brightest, with the exception of Class 1-7, the so-called "Happiness Class." Each member of the classroom copes with personal misfortunes, and the special class is geared to help them move past their issues and find true happiness. After being accepted into the academy, An Hanakoizumi, Ruri Hibarigaoka, and Botan Kumegawa find themselves placed into the Happiness Class, plagued by dreadful luck, love problems, and bad health respectively. Alongside their classmates, they do their best to overcome the difficulties they are faced with in pursuit of a life filled with joy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After failing their boss for the last time, yakuza members Kentarou, Ryou, and Kazuhiko are faced with one of two choices: have their organs harvested and sold or take a trip to Thailand for sex reassignment surgery and become pop idols. Now, after a year of excruciating training, the three thugs have been reborn as Airi, Chika, and Mari. Debuting as the amateur idol group The Goku Dolls, the three strive towards becoming top idols.However, despite the hours of feminizing brainwashing they were forced to endure, the three idols have managed to keep the yakuza spirit alive in their hearts. In order to fix this, their yakuza boss hires Mandarin Kinoshita, a legendary manager who has never had an idol group fail under his management. With their lives now on the line, the reluctant yakuza must work with their new manager to unleash their inner cuteness and become the successful idols that their tyrannical boss can truly be proud of. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Rakko Umi e Kaeru!Among the world's most powerful otters is Rakko 9-gou, the abandoned and forgotten "Lost Number" who seeks vengeance on the human race. Rakko 11-gou attempts to foil the plans of his adversary, but his "Olivine Tholeiite" attack has no effect on Rakko 11-gou's tail of carbon nanotubes! Can Rie and Naho make it in time to save Rakko 11-gou?Reversi PVThis is the vigorous theme song that begins each episode of Reversi, a gripping anime about Schwarz, a demon of darkness; and Weiss, a demon of light.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Although primarily working as a vase painter in Ancient Greece, Demetrios is berated for his lack of resolve and ability to keep a cool head in a crisis. One day, he is suddenly struck by lightning and transported to Tokyo in 1964, the first year Japan hosted the Summer Olympics. More than accommodated by a family who simply excuses him as a harmless foreigner, Demetrios ends up bringing the knowledge he has gained from the modern era to his own time period whenever he returns after being zapped by lightning. As he repeatedly travels between the two eras, Demetrios learns to impress his fellow villagers and begins to stand up for himself—all just in time to become stronger and organize and participate in his own Olympics back at home.[Written by MAL Rewrite]It is the dark century and the people are suffering under the rule of the devil, Vandel, who is able to manipulate monsters. The Vandel Busters are a group of people who hunt these devils, and among them, the Zenon Squad is known to be the strongest busters on the continent. A young boy, Beet, dreams of joining the Zenon Squad. However, one day, as a result of Beet's fault, the Zenon squad was defeated by the devil, Beltose. The five dying busters sacrificed their life power into their five weapons, Saiga. After giving their weapons to Beet, they passed away. Years have passed since then and the young Vandel Buster, Beet, begins his adventure to carry out the Zenon Squad's will to put an end to the dark century. In Martian colony Fourth Tokyo lies a classroom of Kirishina Corporation's brightest minds spearheading aerospace development: A-TEC, led by genius engineer Kaito Sera, eagerly anticipating the arrival of their newest member. It soon becomes clear, however, that the transfer student is hardly ordinary—Nagisa Kiryuu, newly appointed chief of A-TEC and the younger brother of the corporation's CEO, is sent to shut the program down. To keep the classroom alive, Kaito and his students desperately work to develop a successor to their most powerful rocket, the X-2; meanwhile, Nagisa climbs the corporate ladder in pursuit of his own mission. In spite of this, their separate battles soon reveal that much more is going on in Kirishina Corporation than meets the eye.Classroom☆Crisis follows Kaito and Nagisa, as well as Kaito's younger sister Mizuki and A-TEC's test pilot Iris Shirasaki, in a story of intrigue, political warfare, and, against all odds, romance. As Nagisa and A-TEC are dragged further and further into Kirishina Corporation's conspiracies, friendships grow and pasts are unveiled as they fight to avert their classroom crisis.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Comical action spy film including an indecent material (flatus) and a story of a girl who had obeyed her parents, but becomes self-aware. A mystery spy girl Lemon Sunomono suddenly appears in front of Shinnosuke, and she calls herself an emissary of Action Kamen. She had trained as a spy by her parents in the Sukashipestan Republic, and works for the Queens. Under her guidance, Shinnosuke decides to be a spy to fight for justice, and receives spy training. Under the instruction of Action Kamen, Lemon and Shinnosuke perform a mission to creep into the laboratory in the Hedelna Kingdom and recapture a capsule from an evil professor, but Lemon finds the real purpose of the Queens, and they fight to foil the plot of the Queens. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)Takato and Guilmon go on vacation to Okinawa and meet a fellow tamer, Minami. Back in Japan, a popular computer pet suddenly becomes a virus, infecting all of the computers who have it. As the virus spreads, Takato tries to figure out why digimon are all attacking his new friend, and what her connection is to the virus.(Source: ANN)Nobita has been having a weird dream about a boy named Roppel and his strange companion Chami traveling in space. By a twist of fate, he met them in person where it turns out that they are real and that they were being pursued in space, causing their space vehicle to malfunction, connecting the space vehicle itself with Nobita's room. They journeyed to Roppel's planet and amidst their enjoyment, Nobita and Doraemon pledged to help Roppel's planet free from their oppressors. (Source: ANN) Based on the manga by the same name by Hiroyama Hiroshi, itself a spin-off of the Fate/stay night erotic visual novel by Type-Moon.Note: Bundled with the limited edition of the sixth Fate/Kaleid Liner Prisma Illya 3rei!! magical girl manga volume.(Source: AniDB)Part three of first season of Fei Ren Zai.Every day, a young girl wearing a mask stands by the beach and sings a nostalgic melody. After experiencing two sudden heart-wrenching partings when she was only a child, Nino Arisugawa has been singing her songs to the ocean, bound by a promise made with her two childhood friends—her first love, Momo Sakaki, and a boy who composed music, Kanade "Yuzu" Yuzuriha. Having never met each other, the boys both individually promised that if Nino was ever separated from them, her voice would be the beacon to reunite them once again.After six long years, destiny has finally placed Nino, Momo, and Yuzu in the same high school. However, the passage of time has changed many things in their lives—while Nino relentlessly attempts to fulfill her childhood promise with the boys, Yuzu's feelings for her from the past resurface, and Momo goes to great lengths to prevent a reunion with Nino. Through music, will they be able to mend their friendship and overcome all the feelings involved in this complicated love triangle?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The 61-minute long movie follows the life of 18-year-old Yi-gyeong (Yoon Ah-Young), a quiet, ordinary student who meets Suyi (Song Harim), an athletic girl who stirs up new romantic feelings in her, causing her to realize her identity. Over the next two years, their relationship helps both women grow, but ironically, because of this development, Yi-gyeong realizes her thoughts about Suyi have begun to change.(Source: THE HOLY MOTHER OF YURI)An OVA depicting the early events of the Glass no Kamen series.Kitajima Maya is a young girl from a poor background with no talents of use to school or her widowed mother. However, she is obsessed with movies, theatrical plays and TV dramas-to the point of remembering every line from a movie she's seen once, and dramatically acting out the stories, including every character, for anyone who will listen. One day, she encounters an old woman with a scarred face who claims that Maya is the girl she's been looking for-for the old woman has spent years protecting the rights to a 'legendary' play.Episodes 14 and 15 of Gunslinger Girl: Il Teatrino.As Shinsei Inazuma Japan was about to have a match with Inazuma Legend Japan, a mysterious attack of a person and a swarm of robots interrupted, and another mysterious girl's power drove the world into another dimension. As the world of Inazuma Eleven Go and Danball Senki W met, the two teams must work together to find out what happened to their worlds.(Source: Wikipedia)Jarinko Chie is a movie directed by Takahata in 1981. Based on the very popular manga by Etsumi HARUKI, it is about ten year old Chie, "the most unfortunate girl in Japan," who manages her family diner while her unemployed yakuza father and her mother are separated. This sounds really depressing, but it's actually a very funny comedy.The story is set in Osaka, which has a totally different culture from Tokyo. After the success of the movie, a TV series was made, and Takahata worked as the chief director.(Source: nausicaa.net)In the Legends of Jewel Land, the Jewelpets were born from the love and caring of their queen, Jewelina. However a strange meteor crashes into the Mirror Ball, destroying it into a million pieces and its fragments called "Deco Stones" were all scattered in Jewel Land. In the present time, Ruby, a dimwitted Rabbit Jewelpet and owner of the Kira Kira Shop, has a thing on sparkly decorations and loves to collect anything that sparkles and shines. However, when she and the others learn about the legend of the Mirror Ball and the Deco Stones, they all decided to go and search for them, until they all meet 5 strange individuals called the KiraDeco 5. The group also has the same goal on wanting to collect the Deco Stones and they befriended the Jewelpets, especially to one of their members: Pink Oomiya. Now, the group need to gather all the Deco Stones and stop the Eternal Darkness from taking over the human world. (Source: ANN) A young wavemaster, only known by the alias of Tsukasa, wakes up in an MMORPG called The World, with slight amnesia. He does not know what he has previously done before he woke up. In The World, the Crimson Knights suspects him of being a hacker, as he was seen accompanying a tweaked character in the form of a cat. Unable to log out from the game, he wanders around looking for answers, avoiding the knights and other players he meets along the way.As Tsukasa explores The World, he stumbles upon a magical item that takes the form of a "guardian," which promises him protection from all harm. Subaru, the leader of the Crimson Knights, along with several other players who became acquainted with Tsukasa, set out to investigate why Tsukasa is unable to log out, and attempt to get to the bottom of the problem before it gets out of hand.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tooru and Run have been best friends forever, so when Tooru learns that she's managed to get into the same high school as Run, she runs to tell her... only to find Run in a compromising position with yet another girl, Yuko. Needless to say, that makes things a bit awkward at school, with Tooru fending off those who might be interested in Run while Yuko and their other girlfriend, Nagi, have to deal with Run's own penchant for drama.(Source: Sentai Filmworks)Extra specials from the DVD/BDs. A long time ago, B-Da City was attacked by an evil force called the Dark B-Da (or dark beings) in their quest to control the entire Blue Solar System. The heroic B-Daman, drawing on their legendary powers and ingenious technology, were able to overthrow the Nol Arc Empire and restore peace to the universe. One thousand years later, the Dark B-Da have finally returned to conquer the Blue Solar System and make it part of their dominion. A young B-Daman called Shirobon, with a strong sense of justice, becomes a defender of B-Da City. Along with the help of his friends, They join the battle against the Dark B-Da who have come to destroy their home!(Source: Bomberman Wiki)The film's story begins when Shiriri, an alien, arrives and turns Hiroshi and Misae into children. To turn them back, Shinnosuke must travel the length of Japan with Shiriri hidden in his butt. Meanwhile, Shiriri's father is moving forward with a huge conspiracy. (Source: ANN)Hatsune-Jima was once well-known for its cherry trees, which would bloom no matter what time of year it was. Two years ago, the island's cherry trees lost this ability and all became ordinary cherry trees that bloom only in the spring. Jun'ichi Asakura is now a graduating senior at Kazami Academy, and is surrounded by many close friends, old and new alike. On a stormy summer day, a mysterious young girl, Aisia, arrives at Jun'ichi's door. She is looking for Sakura's grandmother to study magic, ultimately hoping to bring happiness to everyone. When she discovers that grandmother Yoshino had long since passed away, she joyfully assumes (thanks to his error in judgment) that Jun'ichi is able to teach her. Even though she finally understands that the only magic he's capable of is conjuring Japanese confections, Aisia continues her search for magic on Hatsune-Jima. Amid the chaos of her search, Kazami Academy hires new medical staff.(Source: ANN)Immortal arts, magic weapons, magical powers, and the boundless spiritual qi between heaven and earth vanished into obscurity overnight, and all exorcists turned to mere mortals.Three hundred years later, the Five Hus traversed the pass, it was a prelude to an era of great turmoil in China. They heralded the end of the world, where thousands of drought fiends stalked the night—the collapse of the Divine Land is imminent.Fortunately, within this long, dark night where silence had fallen on all magic, a lone star still glistened brightly on the horizon.The Heart Lamp appeared, illuminating the vast expanse around it. A 16-year-old young man, who will end his life on his twentieth birthday, embarked on a journey to reclaim the spiritual qi of heaven and earth that had been sealed away—only four years remain.The road ahead was filled with countless thistles and thorns, and it seemed improbable for him to succeed.When Hiroshi was fighting against his rival Gorillaimo, he stumbled over a stone and fell on to a frog. To be surprised, the frog was still alive and it named itself Pyonkichi.(Source: AniDB)Nobita is running from an angry Gian, though is quickly able to escape when Gian trips. Nobita asks Doraemon for a gadget to fight back, but Doraemon instead snaps at him; Doraemon tells Nobita that he must return to the 22nd century, and won’t be returning. (Source: Doraemon Wiki)Yumenosaki Academy has been home to the best boy idols of different generations. Holding immense influence over the school, its student council maintains the status quo by enforcing old traditions with an iron fist. Transfer student Anzu winds up attending as the very first member in the production course, making her the sole female student in the entire school. There, she meets Subaru Akehoshi, Hokuto Hidaka, Mao Isara, and Makoto Yuuki—her classmates and members of the idol unit "Trickstar." The academy holds Dream Idol Festivals—stage battles that put its students' singing and dancing skills against each other, with the audience voting on the winner. Winning these "DreFes" guarantees the members of the idol unit various privileges and prestige. However, with the student council intervening and punishing everyone involved in an unsanctioned DreFes, the members of Trickstar find that they can no longer sit around and let it continue. Alongside Anzu as their producer, they plot to become the revolutionaries of the academy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]New Ensemble Stars!! web animated series based on the game story "Crossroad".This work was produced as the ninth special animated piece for the 24-hour television program by Tezuka Production, which took full charge of the original story, screenplay and director. Tezuka Osamu crafts a love story in the time when humans are expanding into space at the end of the 21st century, employing an omnibus form similar to Bradbury's "Martian Chronicle." The story line is similar to "Phoenix: Nostalgia." Leaving the earth after marriage, a woman is left behind in space when her husband suddenly dies of a cosmic disease. These background details were used in "The Phoenix" as well. This time, her friends on the Earth head for space to save the woman who was once everyone's ideal lady. In this special animated piece, Tezuka Osamu emphasizes his basic concepts that "love can save the earth" and "only love can save humans." (Source: Tezuka Osamu.net) Kitarou is a youkai boy born in a cemetery, and aside from his mostly-decayed father, the last living member of the Ghost tribe. He is missing his left eye, but his hair usually covers the empty socket. He fights for peace between humans and youkai, which generally involves protecting the former from the wiles of the latter.This version of the Kitarou story is based on the original Hakaba Kitarou manga, the manga which inspired the popular Gegege no Kitarou series in the late 60's.(Source: Wikipedia)Melos is a good boy from Messina and has come to Syracuse, the magnificent city of temples, to buy a ritual sword for his sister's marriage ceremony. He meets a very talented sculptor and they become friends. Later, the King's guards arrest Melos while he was having a walk in the castle's gardens and Syracuse's King, obsessed by the idea of assassins out to kill him, sentences him to death. Melos is desperate, but most of all he wants to be present at his sister's marriage, so he asks the King for three days to go to Messina for the celebration and then return to Syracuse where he will accept the death penalty. The King does not trust Melos, but, trying to demonstrate that nobody could trust him, asks him to find a volunteer substitute in case he breaks his promise. The sculptor accepts to be Melos' substitute in this case...(Source: ANN) Alternative version of final four episodes of High School DxD BorN.High school science-whiz Makoto Mizuhara is working on his newest project in preparation for the school festival, alongside his best friend Nanami Jinnai. Nanami's brother and Makoto's lifelong rival, the unscrupulous student council president Katsuhiko Jinnai, is under scrutiny for mishandling the school festival planning and is convinced that Makoto is plotting to steal his position. One night, as Makoto and Nanami are taking a break with their teacher Masamichi Fujisawa, Jinnai sneaks into the science lab and sabotages Makoto's device, which suddenly opens a portal that flings all four of them into another world!Upon arrival, Makoto is immediately attacked by a horde of giant bug monsters. While running from them, he comes across Fujisawa and a girl named Rune Venus. After Fujisawa fights off the monsters, a group of dignitaries arrives, looking for Rune, their princess. They inform Makoto and Fujisawa that they are in a world called El-Hazard and take them back to the palace of Roshtaria, their kingdom. Though her advisors are suspicious of the newcomers, Rune decrees that they are to be treated as guests and quickly befriends Makoto. Unaware that Nanami and Jinnai are in this world as well, Makoto gets to work trying to figure out a way back to Earth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Special aired a couple of days before episode 5. It's a mix of explanations, recaps, and a seiyuu interview. In the year 1939, humanity was on the verge of destruction. Equipped with weapons of devastating power, a mysterious alien race, known as the Neuroi, began an invasion of the Earth, ravaging the planet, obliterating countries, and vanquishing human armies. To counter this seemingly unstoppable force, the world's powers united. A new device was produced, called the Striker Unit, capable of facing Neuroi technology. Girls equipped with the Striker Unit became known as the Witches, forming humanity's last line of defense. They began their fight against the Neuroi, utilizing their now-enhanced magical abilities, flaunting destructive weapons no human could manage.Fast forward to 1944—Yoshika Miyafuji is a young teenage girl who eventually decides to join the 501st Joint Fighter Wing, known as the "Strike Witches." With no formal training however, can Miyafuji learn to cooperate with her fellow Strike Witches? And if so, can she save humanity from the Neuroi onslaught?[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Toys" are powers bestowed upon those chosen to wield them, each having qualities that are unique to their users. Some of these individuals are born pure, using their powers to become detectives. Others bloom laced with poison and choose to become phantom thieves. These two opposing factions caused the formation of various detective academies around the globe—training detectives to fight and catch the phantom thieves.Sherlock Shellingford, Nero Yuzurizaki, Hercule Burton, and Cordelia Glauca form "Milky Holmes", a group recognized as the cream of the crop in the Yokohama-based Holmes Detective Academy. However, in a skirmish against the phantom thief Arsene, their Toys suddenly disappear, deeming them unfit to continue as detectives. Stripped of their prestigious life and thrown into a rundown attic, they face expulsion if they fail to regain their powers within the next three months.Tantei Opera Milky Holmes tells the story of a once-legendary group in their journey to recover their Toys, as well as attempting to continue their line of work without the powers that once defined their career.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the ancient Shakya Kingdom, King Suddhodhana learns that his wife, Maya, has a curious dream. A white elephant with six tusks enters her body—a sign that their future child, Siddhartha Gautama, is blessed. The wise prophet Master Asita sees the child and foretells that he will become "chakravartin," the ruler of the world.Meanwhile, young Chapra suffers the injustice of the rigid caste system. When Kosala army marches on Kapilavastu, Shakya's capital, Chapra plays a part in forcing them to retreat. But to escape the life of slavery and give his mother a better life, Chapra joins the Kosala army and swears to rise in the ranks.As the young Siddhartha grows, he is taught everything he needs to know to inherit the throne. However, Siddhartha has no interest in martial arts or running a kingdom. What he seeks are the truths of the world and the meaning of life itself. Although Kosala's ever-expanding power threatens Shakya, Siddhartha abandons the royal life and ventures into the world to find the enlightenment he desires.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The animals of Third Street are seen getting into many misadventures. Tama Okamoto, the curious feline, often goes missing from his home, causing his owner to have posters up looking for him. However, Tama's absence is his opportunity to visit all of his wandering furry friends around the neighborhood. From Tama's best friend Pochi Yamada to the stray alley cat Nora, these animals take human form to hang out, to cause various mischief, but most of all, to have fun![Written by MAL Rewrite]It seems that when Lum was born, a postal screwup resulted in a witchy friend of the family not getting an invitation to the celebration. The witch put a curse on Lum, that she would never be happy with her True Love. In the present, a new Amusement Park has been built in Tomobiki, and opening day finds the whole gang sampling its pleasures. At a magic show, however, Ataru gets turned into a large pink hippo-potamus, FOR REAL! When Lum attempts to track down the magician that transformed her Darling, things start to get very weird, very fast! (Source: AniDB)Kae Serinuma is a very kind second-year high school student and a devoted otaku. A little known fact about her, though, is that she's obsessed with BL, or Boy's Love. Serinuma can't help but to fantasize about her male classmates falling for each other and enjoys imagining them together. A more known fact about Serinuma, however, is that she’s noticeably overweight. While watching her favorite show one day, Serinuma witnesses the death of her most beloved character. Utterly depressed, she can't muster up the energy to eat her meals, let alone attend school. After an entire week, she finally recovers. But now there's something unusual about her—during the time she refused to leave her room, she ended up losing a large amount of weight and has somehow become strikingly beautiful!Now catching the eye of everyone who sees her, she finds herself at the center of attention of four boys she has always known at her school. Though they all wish to spend time with her, Serinuma would much rather they spend time falling in love with one another. How will Serinuma deal with the four boys pursuing her BL-obsessed self?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second season of Yuan Long.Four teenagers who left the school and entered the arena for the first time, went through all kinds of difficulties and dangers in order to find the truth, unravel the mystery of their life experience, and become a gentleman. They value the way of a gentleman and demonstrate the chivalrous spirit of "using their own strength to make the world fair". A strange book, a grudge, a belief, a legend.(Source: bilibili)Episode 26 included in the ninth DVD volume of Kaibutsu Oujo.Cocotama are tiny gods born from the thoughts and feelings of objects that people use with great care. The fact that Cocotama wear part of the egg they hatch out of as underwear is proof that they are still apprentices. The Cocotama use a mysterious magic, and they train hard to be of use to humans and to become full gods. They live inside human houses and stealthily move around to help humans find things they have lost, although they make many mistakes.(Source: ANN)He is charming, cool, athletic, a good cook, but more importantly, he's a clean freak. Aoyama is idolized and respected by everyone, but they can only admire him from afar due to his mysophobia. Despite that, he plays soccer—a rather dirty sport!As the playmaker for Fujimi High School's soccer club, Aoyama avoids physical contact at all cost and cleanly dribbles toward victory. However, the path to Nationals will not be easy for Fujimi's underdog team. But alongside striker Kaoru Zaizen, Aoyama will show everyone that even as a clean freak, there are things he's willing to get dirty for.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Japan is being besieged by evil Dinosaurs that humanity have long thought extinct, they are back and are creating disaster. To counter the threat, a special team of expert warriors called Izenborg were created. Lamees and Kamal use their special powers to combine into Super Izenborg to battle the evil Satola and his Dinosaur army. (Source: ANN) The previously bedridden Keina Kagami finds herself in the world of her favorite VRMMORPG—titled Leadale—after the life support keeping her alive fails. Reincarnated in the body of her high-level character, "Cayna," she notices that the world of Leadale is different from what she remembers playing.As she comes to learn, two hundred years have passed since she last interacted with the world. However, this does not sadden Cayna—as it means that a new journey awaits her, filled with exciting prospects and unfamiliar faces all waiting to be discovered.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Narrated recap of the Love Live! School Idol Project series included on the official  Blu-ray fandisc release.The episode focuses on Lupin's gang descending upon the Kingdom of Dorrente in order to rescue a famous thief who has been detained. While this takes place, the most notorious thieves from around the world gather in the kingdom.(Source: MAL News)A dying mob boss entrusts Lupin with a diamond that supposedly is the key to a vast treasure. But when Lupin is attacked by an assassin and saves a mysterious girl from trouble, it becomes clear that that there's more to this treasure then meets the eye... (Source: ANN)Summary of episodes 1 to 12 of Mahoromatic 2.A recap of the Maison Ikkoku series that focuses on the relationship between Godai and Kyoko. The entire special is taken from footage of the TV series.With his parents abroad, Kimihito Kurusu lived a quiet, unremarkable life alone until monster girls came crowding in! This alternate reality presents cutting-edge Japan, the first country to promote the integration of non-human species into society. After the incompetence of interspecies exchange coordinator Agent Smith leaves Kimihito as the homestay caretaker of a Lamia named Miia, the newly-minted "Darling" quickly attracts girls of various breeds, resulting in an ever-growing harem flush with eroticism and attraction.Unfortunately for him and the ladies, sexual interactions between species is forbidden by the Interspecies Exchange Act! The only loophole is through an experimental marriage provision. Kimihito's life becomes fraught with an abundance of creature-specific caveats and sensitive interspecies law as the passionate, affectionate, and lusty women hound his every move, seeking his romantic and sexual affections. With new species often appearing and events materializing out of thin air, where Kimihito and his harem go is anyone's guess![Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years have passed since the catastrophic event known as the "Continent's Dropping" from the first OVA episode. Yumemi still has not forgotten her ability to see the world above, but now she's in the last years of middle school, tests and real life take over. Unknown to the people of the world, Akuto the world still thrives, but the war rages on. In need of help, Gaz, sends Munto down to Earth once more to find the "Girl of Destiny" in order to save Heaven from its untimely demise. Yumemi must once again confront the world only she sees, and not even her friends Ichiko and Suzune can help her.(Source: ANN)In the world of Mushrambo, human life has all but come to an end. After a deadly virus threatened the extinction of mankind, a new race called the Enterrans was created to preserve life on Earth. However, relations between the Enterrans and their creators did not remain peaceful. Soon a war broke out with the Enterrans fighting against the humans and their robots. Ultimately the Enterrans were the victors of this conflict, renaming Earth as Enterra in honor of their victory.Before the last vestiges of humanity fell, one of the few remaining scientists put his daughter, Yakumo Shindou, into a sleep chamber. His hope was that his daughter would one day reawaken and find the human sanctuary known as Shinzo, reviving humanity and restoring peace between humans and Enterrans. Centuries have passed since the war; Yakumo now awakens and meets an Enterran named Mashura who pledges to assist in her quest. Also joined by the Enterrans Sago and Kutal, the group must now work to locate Yakumo's missing memories and locate Shinzo. But not every Enterran is as kind as Yakumo's new friends and some are prepared to commit any atrocity to prevent the return of humanity.In ancient times, the continents of Atlantis and Mu fought a war, and Atlantis lost. After losing the war, Atlantis transformed itself into a small planet and timeslipped to the present-day to try to take over the world again. But five warriors from Mu assemble on Easter Island, and together with giant cyborg white whale that houses the brain of the ancient queen of Mu, fight Atlantis off at various famous ruins around the world.(Source: AniDB)Kirino Kousaka embodies the ideal student with equally entrancing looks. Her grades are near perfect, and to cover her personal expenses, she works as a professional model alongside her best friend Ayase Aragaki, who abhors liars and all things otaku. But what Ayase doesn't know is that Kirino harbors a deep, entrenched secret that will soon be brought to light.At home one day, Kyousuke, Kirino's perfectly average brother, stumbles upon an erotic game that belongs to none other than his seemingly flawless little sister. With her reputation at stake, Kirino places a gag order on her sibling while simultaneously introducing him to the world of eroge and anime. Through Kirino, Kyousuke encounters the gothic lolita Ruri Gokou and the bespectacled otaku Saori Makishima, thus jump-starting an entirely new lifestyle. But as he becomes more and more involved in his little sister's secret life, it becomes that much harder to keep under wraps. [Written by MAL Rewrite]Kotarou was pretty much supposed to be your average boy, worried about the pressures of education while enjoying a simple life with his friends. Much to his despair, he one day finds the overly cheerful Misha at his door, asking to be friends out of nowhere. Even more shocking is that Misha is an apprentice angel, yet she does more bad then good. Along with Kotarou's school friends Takashi and Koboshi and the so called devil Shia (once again being able to do more good then bad), the group of friends spend their days getting into all sorts of adventures and troubles.Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style.Fan discs containing shorts that weren't included in the TV series. 1. Aoi Koi-hen2. Ibara Koiji-henMusic videos from both discs are not included in the entry, as they don't contain any new scenes.The same specials were included in the Blueray box set, but divided into 6 episodes of 2 minutes each.Mao Lan continues growing into her path in life through what she learns while fighting. Her grandfather thinks that she has grown complacent and decides to train an adversary for her next Prime Mat appearance. Training with her friends and companions Mao Lan slowly advances through life.(Source: AniDB)Failed kamikaze pilot Ken Asuka becomes a rough, tough hooligan who settles all of his problems with karate, until he learns about the legendary swordsman Musashi Miyamoto in the novels of Eiji Yoshikawa. Resolving to live his life like Musashi, he begins to take karate more seriously. Based on a manga by Ikki Kajiwara and Jiro Tsunoda, itself inspired by the real life of Yasunobu Oyama, the founder of the "hard-knock" Kyokushin Karate school.(Source: The Anime Encyclopedia)DVD only episode entitled 'love fighter'. It features the whole cast but focuses on Megumi Kuryuu.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Chiharu Kashima, captain of the Wizard Bureau's Crisis Countermeasures Division, is among a handful of people who can use magic. While frequenting his favorite bar, he is approached by a friendly man named Toyohi Utsumi. Having always dreamt of being a wizard, Toyohi is enthralled by the idea of meeting one. Much to the young Captain's surprise, Toyohi confesses that he has fallen in love with Kashima. While little time has passed, the two begin to spend more time together. Not all is well, however, as Kashima fears that magic is all that he has and Toyohi is only in love with Kashima the Wizard.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Summary of Eureka Seven until Episode 26.Another short bonus included in a Blu-ray/DVD disc of μ's live concert that took place in Saitama Super Arena on February 8th and 9th, 2014.Word is out that the "Hemingway Papers", the newly discovered last novel by the great author, tells the hiding place of a buried treasure on a desolate Mediterranean island. Lupin sneaks onto the island where, instead of treasure-hunting, he finds himself embroiled in a violent struggle for power. To Lupin's surprise, his old buddies Jigen and Goemon are also in the fight for their own reasons. Marcus the Merchant of Death also lands on the island accompanied by Fujiko, Lupin's greatest weakness, and followed by the police inspector, who is forever on Lupin's tail. (Source: ANN)A 50th anniversary project.File 594 that was never animated. To celebrate Detective Conan Movie 18 premiere, it was animated and streamed on NOTTV.  This is where Kogorou Mouri is the fugitive.The story revolves around high school student Akira Nikaido, a typical slacker living a normal life. That is, until he meets the mysterious Shirogane, a man who suddenly appears and tells him that they have a destiny together. When Akira hears this, he is shocked and doesn't believe a word of it. Aya, a friend of Akira, forgets something in the school one night, and asks Akira to help her and go find it. He agrees, and while there, he gets attacked by a shadow monster. Shirogane convinces him that the balance between the human world and the shadow world has been distorted and that Akira must become a "shin"- a creature of the shadow world- in order to help restore the balance. The anime has shonen-ai themes which are completely absent from the manga.(Source: Wikipedia)A remake of the Negima anime with its own original story.Wizard Negi Springfield may be a boy, but he has a man-sized job to do! Fresh from the Academy of Magic, Negi continues his training as an instructor at Mahora Academy in Japan. But before he can get his Masters in magic, the 31 schoolgirls of Class 3-A are gonna keep him up all night cramming for a final exam in will power. Temptation aside, Negi has more on his syllabus than flirting and spells. Darkness is closing in, and Negi is gonna need help from his lovely student bodies to drive the ghouls from their school. These girls want to prove that they're the best in class, and extra credit is available to the cuties that aren't afraid of after-hours phantom fighting!(Source: DVD case)On his way home from school, Tatsumi sees a man collapsed near a lake. When he approaches him, Tatsumi notices something strange: the person in need of help is actually a beautiful merman named Wakasa! Because Wakasa's home has become too polluted to live in, Tatsumi graciously offers his bathtub as a refuge.With a boisterous merman as his new roommate, Tatsumi's normal life won't be returning anytime soon, not to mention Wakasa's aquatic friends—Takasu, Mikuni, and Maki—often show up uninvited, making them all quite a handful for the high school student. As he humors their curiosity for human life, Tatsumi sometimes finds himself enjoying their childish antics, but he will have to keep his cool if he intends to keep up with his daily life and newfound friendship.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A mini-anime based off the mobile rhythm game "Project SEKAI: Colorful Stage."Three short stories from the Nintendo Pikmin game series.The short 3D animated film is a project that Shigeru Miyamoto, a Japanese video game designer, created to explore the characters in a way his games could not.Porfy, his younger sister Mina, and their parents live a humble but happy life in the Grecian countryside. They've just started running a gas station, much to Porphy's joy, and it seems like only good things are in store for their future. However, a huge earthquake changes all that, leaving Porfy without a home or a family -- sans Mina, who seems to have disappeared in the commotion. Now, Porfy is determined to find his sister and be able to live together happily again.A boy gets involved in an accident when in kindergarten, horribly damaging his arm, but the doctors somehow manage to save it. Now, several years later, his arm seems to be becoming the focus of strange events as it turns out to be more than a normal arm. Meanwhile, a secret organization is out to get hold of him and the power he possess.Momo Minamoto is a shy teenager who simply wants to do good in the world. Her dream is to follow in her police officer father's footsteps and support law and order. And just like him, she has a very unique ability: her senses are much more refined than those of any average person. A simple lick will enable her to determine what someone is feeling.One night, as she admires the landscape, Momo sees suspicious shades moving in the distance. After learning that those shades were spies, she is recruited by their captain Yuki Hanzoumon, a senior at her school. The members of their secret agency, called the Tsukikage, also have the power to gain strength after ingesting spices.Release the Spyce is an action-packed spy series about the Tsukikage's missions as they fight in the shadows to protect the city from crime while keeping up with their high school life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mitsuha Yamano could not have had it worse. After failing to enter her university of choice and losing her entire family in an accident, she finds herself plummeting off a cliff due to an especially fragile guardrail. Through what seems to be the only bit of the fortune left in her life, Mitsuha's firm unwillingness to die allows her to be transported to another world, where she ends up surviving.In this foreign land, Mitsuha wanders around for days before collapsing from exhaustion and being rescued by a little girl named Colette. Not long after, she finds herself in yet another life-threatening situation, and her indomitable will shines once more, granting her an audience with a divine cosmic being. The entity reveals to Mitsuha that she has acquired not only superhuman regeneration but also the ability to transport between worlds at will.Armed with this new information, Mitsuha brainstorms ways to utilize her newfound power to its full potential. Realizing that she can take goods from Earth and resell them to the other world at a higher price, she resolves to save up eighty thousand gold coins to be able to retire comfortably.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a post-apocalyptic Earth, the water has become entirely toxic, except for some kept safe in a reservoir. A fortified zone has been created by a man named Sanga, he calls it The Lastland. A group of villagers have discovered safe water, and Sanga wants it. He and his band of killers go to kill everyone and steal it. As they do a mysterious man appears out of nowhere, instantly killing some of Sanga's men. His name is Kenshiro, and he can beat any man with his martial art, Hokuto Shin Ken. Sanga will do anything for the water, and Kenshiro will do anything to try and stop him.(Source: ANN)Aki Miyagawa moved to Tokyo to pursue her dream to be a taiko drummer, but had a hard time balancing her strict training regimen with her part-time job. Now, after 15 years, she's returning to coach others for a taiko festival.(Source: ANN)Project by J.C.Staff announced to be part of Anime Mirai 2015.Condensed version of the entire TV series where all the voice actors, except for Heidi and the grandfather, were replaced.Following Studio Petit's popularity for Time Journey's, the crew is now faced with 3 anime at the same time. Rushing to fill the quotas, the owner of Studio Petit hires Takashimadaira, a veteran producer to help Kuromi. However, all Takashimadaira cares about is making deadlines, severely hurting the quality of the images. Shihonmatsu, who has been helping Kuromi, gets angry at the new producer and leaves, leaving Kuromi with a difficult choice: to choose between the quality or the deadline.Studio Petit managed to survive the production of "Time Journeys," but now that show's finished, and in its place they've got no less than three series to animate, with just four artists, one manager and one director - not to mention one very bedraggled animation runner. And it doesn't help that Shihonmatsu picked this week to quit smoking. As the staff starts to fall behind their crushing deadlines, the owner calls in an old "pro," Takashimadaira, to get production back on track. But once he starts putting speed above quality, the Petit team has to choose between following orders and doing their jobs right.(Source: ANN)Set in a different series of events, this story does not follow the previous Appleseed movie canon (despite being directed by the same director of the previous movies); it is an alternate story to their beginnings. Briareos is already a cyborg and did not become separated from Deunan to be later reunited in Olympus to join ESWAT.Appleseed Alpha depicts the early days of Deunan Knute and Briareos in the 22nd century, as they embark on a journey throughout dystopic ruins of New York in search of the city of Olympus. They are hired by Two Horns, the warlord of the ruined city, to eliminate bipedal combat machines. During the fight, they encounter Iris and Olson, both on a mission. Deunan and Briareos befriend them and decide to join their mission.Iris is tasked with preventing the malevolent cyborg Talos from capturing a secret weapon humans were building. Talos uses Iris to activate the gigantic war machine.(Source: Wikipedia)Unaired episode included in the first Blu-ray volume.Specials included in the Baka to Test to Shoukanjuu: Matsuri BD/DVD volumes featuring alternative endings to the OVA episodes.The story is set in autumn 2005, one year after Resident Evil 4 game took place. Due to an as of yet unexplained reason, zombies appear in a United States airport. The release of the zombies leads to danger of an outbreak. A DVD recap episode of the Chobits TV series.Punie is next in line to become queen of Magical Land. However, she must spend a year on Earth before she can inherit the throne, so she transfers into a school in Japan. She's usually a sweet and gentle girl... that is unless someone does something to displease her, then she'll drop the act. She won't hesitate to whip out her magic stick and cheerfully rain bloody destruction down on the hapless fool, or barring that, simply use wrestling moves she calls "Submission" to punish them. Accompanied by her animal mascot Paya-tan, who makes regular attempts on her life (still bitter about being defeated and then forcibly recruited from Waku Waku Mascot Village), and forced to fend off random attacks by various people from her Kingdom who all have different reasons for wanting her dead, she must complete this year of training on Earth without fail.Danganronpa 3 skits included in the Blu-ray Box Sets.Patty Lowell—the lost heir of a prestigious family—is found at an orphanage, and J.D. Morrison brings her to his acquaintance Dante, the owner of a business called "Devil May Cry." Dante takes on so-called "odd jobs," and at Morrison's request, he agrees to become a bodyguard for Patty. Begrudgingly, he sets out to deliver Patty to her family, though he is a bit annoyed with a job that essentially amounts to babysitting.While Dante seems like a lazy good-for-nothing, he is actually a prolific demon hunter, which comes in handy when demons begin pursuing Patty. Soon enough, Dante realizes that there is more to this case than meets the eye, and he makes use of his particular skill set in order to keep Patty safe.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Technology, science, and industry—this is 1969 Tokyo, and there is no better time to be alive! But a shadow looms quietly around every corner: "Invaders" have infiltrated the populace, and nobody knows who or what they are.Only the members of the top-secret agency AEGIS know of their existence. Covertly fighting the enemy is their job, but only those with the ability to open "Gates" to another world can truly defeat them. Within AEGIS is a specialized task force known as the "Gate Keepers." Composed of extraordinary individuals with a variety of Gate-related abilities, they are the only ones who can save humanity from the vicious Invaders plaguing the planet.Shun Ukiya is an average high school student who lives with his widowed mother and little sister. While on his way home from school one day, he comes across a group of Invaders heading toward his house. In a desperate plight to save his family, Shun discovers he possesses the ability to open a Gate, allowing him to harness massive amounts of energy. With his newfound ability exposed, he catches the attention of AEGIS, and particularly the interest of one of its Gate Keepers, Shun's childhood friend Ruriko Ikusawa.[Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Recap episodes released before third season, summarizing first two seasons of Honzuki no Gekokujou: Shisho ni Naru Tame ni wa Shudan wo Erandeiraremasen.A diminutive pink creature orbiting in space called "Kirby" crash lands into Dream Land. Once getting acquainted with the citizens who live there in Cappy Town, he begins to defend the town from the monsters that King Dedede, the self-proclaimed ruler of Cappy Town, orders from the evil Nightmare Enterprises.(Source: ANN) Far away from the reaches of demons and war, near the borderland of Zoltan, D-Rank adventurer Red lives a normal existence. Through perseverance and hard work, his dream of starting his own apothecary and peaceful life in the countryside finally came true. Abruptly, Red gets a live-in partner and assistant named Rit—the princess of Duchy Loggervia and an adventurer herself—who gives everything up to join him.Although honest, kind, and loved by all, Red has a secret shared only with Rit: his real name is Gideon, brother of Ruti Ragnason, the "Hero" and a former member of her party. Ares Drowa, the "Sage," kicked Red out of their party after their war against the Demon Lord after deciding he was weak and insignificant. Now, even though Red has left the Hero's party behind by assuming a new life together with Rit, his past has yet to let go of him.[Written by MAL Rewrite]An older woman wears a small spoon around her neck but every now and then, she shrinks to the size of a mouse because of the spoon. She sees the world then from a completely different perspective and has all kind of strange adventures together with Wendy, the mouse and many others.(Source: ANN)Halloween has arrived at Ayanagi Academy, bringing copious amounts of pumpkins, decorations, and delicious seasonal foods with it. Yuuta Hoshitani and his classmates enjoy preparing for the festivities until Kouki Nanjou tells a creepy ghost story, putting all of them on edge. As night draws closer, the lights in their dormitory go out and ghosts begin to appear, making the group believe that Nanjou's eerie tale is actually rooted in truth! While Hoshitani and a few others cower in fear, the rest of them investigate the supernatural occurrence to find the truth behind what is really going on.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After an accident, the amnesiac Sue was taken in to live with Torao's family. She always had the urge to become a singer, but didn't know why. As it turns out, Sue is actually part of a band formed with her two twin sisters. But Sue's climb to the top of the charts is a long and hard way.(Source: AniDB)The Galaxy Federation Police (GFP) desperately wants to cover-up its personnel shortage with new mechanized power-suits. Suzuo, 19-years old, desperately needs a job. Tampopo needs an earthling to fit the prototype of her company's suit and declares Suzuo the perfect candidate! Strong competitors and the wacky A-class criminals fight against our hero in diapers, but they must not recognize each other out of costume or the test results will be a failure- but it's OK if they all live in the same apartment building to save money, right? (Source: Sentai Filmworks)Fable is a legendary hitman who has completed numerous jobs for a variety of clients. After concluding his latest assignment, the number of people he has recently killed becomes too high, and Fable is ordered by his boss to lay low for a year. He is suggested that having to adapt to life as an ordinary citizen might prove a valuable experience for his future work.Fable is to be accompanied by the woman who acts as his driver, and the two will assume new identities as siblings. However, their boss warns them that they will both face a deadly punishment if Fable kills anyone during his time off. Thus begins Akira and Youko Satou's joint one-year sabbatical from the underworld.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two young wrestlers face each other in a recently revived underground wrestling organization, the Tiger's Lair, which destroyed the wrestling dojo they grew up in. One took over the training facilities of Naoto Date at the foot of Mount Fuji, as well as the mask he left behind. The other dared to enter the Tiger's Lair and won a fierce competition, receiving a jet-black tiger mask. One tiger walks the path of light, while the other walks the path of shadows. Neither one knows the other's face. On the ring, they are natural enemies, but they have the same purpose—destroy the Tiger's Lair!(Source: MAL News)Freelance photographer Kouhei Morioka is traveling to a castle in Germany to take photos of paranormal activity for his friend Hiromi Anzai, editor of an occult magazine. Upon entering the castle, he's confronted by a young girl in a white dress and cat ears who calls herself Hazuki. She takes a keen interest in Kouhei and offers him a kiss, but she instead reveals herself to be a vampire, sucks his blood, and turns him into her slave.Much to Hazuki's dismay, however, Kouhei is unaffected by her bite. Hoping to escape the castle and her possessive butler Vigo, Hazuki instead forces Kouhei to help her. With the help of his powerful exorcist cousin Seiji Midou, the two make it out safely. Finally free, Hazuki flees to Japan in search of her mother. Not long after Kouhei returns home, he discovers Hazuki has nested in his home, where he reluctantly allows her to stay. Meanwhile, other vampires set out to find the missing Hazuki.Equal parts gothic and adorable, Tsukuyomi: Moonphase is a charming and mystical story where two unlikely allies form a unique bond in an attempt to defy a society of immortals.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Twin Blood is an alternate version of Blade and Evil's first battle, with drastically different character and mecha designs from the rest of the series. Blade/D-Boy does not need Pegas to transform and the armor more closely resembles the Radam humanoids from Tekkaman Blade II.The Inuyama Family, along with their pet dog Tetsunoshin moves to the famous Hoppongi Hills (modeled after Roppongi Hills) from Kyushu. Rumi Inuyama's father owns an IT Company in Japan and is a step further to becoming number one. However, Tetsunoshin learned that his master's family loaned a lot of money renting their home in Hoppongi Hills, almost to the point of the whole company becoming Bankrupt. To make things even worse, the whole family spends a lot of money on everything, making Tetsunoshin's problems worse. To solve this problem, Tetsunoshin teamed up with the Hills Dogs and will do anything to pay all the Inuyama Family's expenses.(Source: Wikipedia)Spinoff based on the Nintendo DS RPG game by SEGA, released in Japan July, 2008. In a world where humans serve as livestock for the ruling beastman, and where sand fills the roles of water and fire. Kyrie is recruited by the "World Destruction Committee" to assist in putting an end to their world. Kyrie alone holds the power needed to do it. (Source: AniDB)  The fifth season of Ze Tian Ji.In the wild world, human beings are small, but not humble. Whether it is Shennong and his people in the human domain, or the various clans in Beiye, they are working hard and developing vigorously in their own way. Although he will be bewitched and suppressed by the Star God, he will also launch a tenacious resistance to the Star God in order to protect his tribe, his relatives and bloodline. (Source: Bilibili, translated)99.419 SaisunWith 50 days remaining until the Seishou Festival, the girls have their measurements taken for their costumes. Comparing herself to Mahiru Tsuyuzaki and Nana Daiba, Futaba Isurugi wishes that she was taller, believing a few extra centimeters would allow her to play other roles. Seeing Futaba's apprehension, Hikari Kagura is reminded of a story about a stage girl who—in spite of her short stature—rose to brilliance.99.419 TouronJunna Hoshimi walks into a passionate exchange between Hikari and Maya Tendou regarding the portrayal of Claire, one of the lead roles in the play Starlight. While Hikari and Maya have their own beliefs about how the character should be depicted, the three all come to acknowledge their ambition to be under the limelight of the stage.99.419 Kaien On the opening day of the anticipated performance, Hikari is unexpectedly nervous. Having predicted such an outcome, the rest of the girls quickly work together to assist in her final preparations. Meanwhile, Karen Aijou swings for the fences to surprise Hikari with a gift.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Compilation film of SSSS.Gridman.A special program of Tantei Opera Milky Holmes produced by the staff of the TV series. After some pushing by Irene and her father and a lack of support otherwise, Kokoro stubbornly quits her job as a police detective to become an idol. She soon finds the idol life draining and starts to miss her old detective life. When Henriette notices Sherlock's loneliness without her, she stages a statue theft in order to convince Kokoro to return to the force.(Source: AniDB)Lucius Modestus, an ancient Roman architect, finds himself job-hunting due to having trouble coming up with new ideas. As his demeanor and personality become dismal, his friends try taking him to a bathhouse for him to relax. Unable to unwind in the bustling and crowded bath, Lucius dips his head in the water. Down there, he finds a secret tunnel that transports him to a modern-day Japanese bathhouse, providing him the inspiration he needed to make a new creation.Loaded with what seems to be knowledge way ahead of his time, Lucius does his best to try and recreate his findings, usually inferior in quality due to his circumstances. However, the sheer ingenuity may be just enough to gain the attention of the citizens and regain his reputation as an architect.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Note: MAL considers this show to be three episodes and not five. See More Info for additional details.Once believed to be extinct, ninjas have reappeared in contemporary Japan following the Pacific War. With a headcount rumored to be two hundred thousand, these deadly assassins are now tasked with covert operations, infiltrating a significant portion of the nation's public and private institutions in the process. Among these ninjas is Kurou Kumogakure, who often spends his days in a run-down apartment with no motivation to do much of anything. Some might consider him a useless vagrant who does nothing but steal beer from his neighbor. Nevertheless, the 17-year-old loser might actually be more dangerous than his demeanor suggests. Kurou's hidden potential is put to the test when he is given a new mission to infiltrate a local high school, but there is more to this assignment than he could ever predict.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Join the madcap adventures of the Osawagi family. Little Kotetsu, arguably the most energetic boy in the town of Urayasu, is always getting into mischief with his band of quirky friends. Features unique, well-drawn characters and fast-paced action and humor.(Source: TBS)Charlotte is a girl who lives on a farm in Canada. On her 12th birthday, her father tells her that her mother, whom Charlotte has always believed to be dead, is actually alive and living in Paris, but soon she will arrive to live with them! Charlotte is very upset about this at first, but just when she adjusts to the idea, her father soon dies! Now Charlotte must face many challenges to live. She discovers that her father was from a noble family and her grandfather wants to force Charlotte to return to the family. She doesn't know her mother at all. Meanwhile, a landowner is trying to steal away her father's farm! Poor Charlotte...No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Fourth season of Yi Ren Zhi Xia.A non-canon Yu☆Gi☆Oh! 5D's special from the 2008 Super Jump Anime Tour. Yuusei Fudou and Jack Atlas face off in a Riding Duel for the title of Duel King, with Aki and the twins watching. The ace dragons, Stardust Dragon and Red Daemon's Dragon, clash once again, and this time gain the power to 'evolve' using the Buster Mode trap card, becoming "Stardust Dragon/Buster" and "Red Demon's Dragon/Buster."Among all the beasts that roam the world, there are unique types of "ultimate species" that harbor immense strength and magical prowess considered to be at the top of the power scale. As such, many humans covet their abilities, leading some of these species to the brink of extinction.As a beast tamer, Rein Shroud can employ the assistance of various animals for many tasks, such as reconnaissance and logistics. By virtue of his ability, he joins a party led by the vile and manipulative hero Arios Orlando, only to be banished after six months due to his uselessness as a non-combative class.However, unbeknownst to the team that cast him away, Rein is an exception among beast tamers. His potential becomes apparent when he meets Kanade—a cat spirit who is also one of the ultimate species—and is able to form a contract with her. With Kanade by his side, Rein sets out on his journey as an adventurer, steadily rising up the ranks and meeting more ultimate species along the way.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Three hundred years ago, in the frigid land of Siberia, Jubei Yagyu engaged in a fierce battle with Kitaretsusai of the Northern Yagyu clan. The duel was costly, as his daughter Freesia was frozen in suspended animation. As a result of global warming in the present day, Freesia breaks free from her icy grave and moves to Japan as a middle school transfer student, where she befriends Jiyuu Nanohana. Little does Jiyuu know that Freesia is targeting her to acquire the coveted Lovely Eye Patch, which Freesia believes is rightfully hers.(Source: ANN)Yuu Izumi leads a high school life filled with one mishap after another. No matter how improbable the situation, unfortunate events strike him at every turn. In possession of such terrible luck, Izumi enters his second year with a single wish in mind—to spend more time with his affectionate girlfriend, Micchon Shikimori.Cute, athletic, and caring, Shikimori is immensely popular at their school. But since they began dating a year ago, Izumi has witnessed a surprising side to his otherwise adorable girlfriend: when the need arises, she turns incredibly cool! His misfortunes are easily avoided when she is there to protect him with an awe-inspiring look on her face. Charming in every way, she never ceases to make his heart skip a beat. Unfortunate as he may be, Izumi is sure to see his days of bad luck end thanks to the cute yet cool Shikimori.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The main character is a scientific genius boy named Kiteretsu, who has built a companion robot named Korosuke. He frequently travels in time with his friends and Korosuke in the time machine he built. Miyoko is a girl in his neighborhood who is basically his girlfriend. Tongari is his rival, who happen to share some similar traits of Honekawa Suneo. Buta Gorilla (Kumada Kaoru) is a typical neighborhood bully, who also share similar traits of Gian (Takeshi Goda) except that he often antagonizes Korosuke (though they are in grade school).(Source: Wikipedia)10-year-old Negi Springfield is a wizard-in-training, and needs only to pass one more test in order to become a Master Wizard. Unfortunately, his final task is a bizarre one—to become a English teacher at an all-females boarding school. As soon as he arrives, he completely embarrasses one of his students, Asuna Kagurazaka, and replaces the teacher she loves, which garners her hatred. To make matters worse, Asuna learns that Negi is a wizard, and promises to tell unless he helps her out. But unfortunately, circumstances force them to work together to do many things, from fighting evil wizards to helping the class pass their final exam, with a lot of humor, magic, and romances thrown in.(Source: ANN, edited)Specials that followed on the Mai-Otome DVD.Ten years ago, the villainous scientist Dr. Hell led his wicked followers, known as the Underground Empire, in a struggle to destroy all of humanity. It was against these forces that the young hero Kouji Kabuto fought, piloting the legendary super robot "Mazinger Z." Kouji's victory stopped Dr. Hell's evil plan and returned peace to the Earth.Now Kouji has left the pilot seat behind and become a scientist in his own right, following in his father's and grandfather's footsteps. Yet an unexpected encounter deep under Mt. Fuji triggers an even greater threat to mankind than ever before and alters Kouji's destiny forever. With humanity's fate in their hands, Kouji and Mazinger Z face a choice between good... and evil.(Source: VIZ Media)Sequel to Monkey Turn.Seton Academy is a place attended by a plethora of interesting and diverse animal species. Jin Mazama is one of the few humans there, who also happens to vehemently hate animals from the bottom of his heart! One day, he stumbles upon the rowdy and assertive girl Ranka Ookami, a small "lone wolf" without a pack, who has not a single friend.The desperate Ranka tries to invite Jin into joining her pack; Jin, who hates animals, naturally refuses. Amid this situation, Jin meets Hitomi Hino, a fellow human, and promptly becomes infatuated with her. After getting to know each other, the two decide to create a cooking club, and after a few bad-blooded misunderstandings, Ranka soon joins the club as well.Thus begins the howl-some and howl-arious story of two normal humans; an adorable wolf; a cheerful koala; a sluggish, blonde sloth; and a feline with cattitude in their newfound club—in a story that teaches that friendship can be forged by creatures of different kinds.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Despite being the proud owner of six catgirls alongside his sister Shigure, Kashou Minazuki moves away from home to open his patisserie La Soleil. While unpacking, he makes a startling discovery: two of his catgirls, Chocola and Vanilla, have stowed away in his luggage! Although the twins desperately want to stay by their master's side, Kashou has no idea if he can manage both his new shop and the two catgirls. But what if having more hands on deck is exactly what he needs?With the support of his caring sister and loyal catgirls, Kashou puts all his heart into making his dream a reality![Written by MAL Rewrite]Shido Tatsuhiko is not only a private eye... he is also a vampire with no real memory of his past. Joined by Yayoi Matsunaga, a female government agent, Riho Yamazaki, an orphaned teenage girl working as his girl Friday and Guni, a little green imp, Shido must face demonic creatures known as Nightbreed. Meanwhile, Cain, the vampire who made him what he is now, is seeking him...(Source: ANN)The third series of Onegai My Melody.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Bundled with novel series' 11th volume.The new anime will feature the appearance of the Pleiades combat maids, as well as the rest of the Floor Guardians.(Source: ANN)With her gorgeous, tan skin and long, bleached hair, former high school swim team member Momo Adachi seems like the kind of girl who could get any guy she wants. In reality, however, she is only in love with Kazuya "Toji" Toujigamori, a baseball player whom she fell for in junior high and who reportedly only likes pale-skinned girls. Despite her attempts to change her appearance, many of her jealous classmates have begun spreading rumors about her promiscuous and "easy to get with" personality. Momo's friend Sae Kashiwagi is always there to comfort her, but is secretly the source of the rumors about Momo as part of her own scheme to steal Toji. Further complicating things is Kairi Okayasu, a popular male student at Momo's high school who has publicly declared his love for her and is determined to date her.Hoping to find love in a nearly impossible predicament, Momo must navigate complicated love triangles, back-stabbing friends, and her insecurities about her appearance to discover who she really is.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One-hour special split into 2 episodes during the airing of Pokemon Best Wishes! featuring the old characters from the Diamond & Pearl series Hikari and Takeshi with their Pokemon.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Ro-Kyu-Bu! OVA bundled with the PlayStation Portable game "Ro-Kyu-Bu!: Himitsu no Otoshimono."The second series is to follow the events of the second video game, focusing on the lost continent of Mu. The ancient civilization vanished ages ago, and a few of its remnants still exist as myths and legends called UMAs (unidentified lifeforms). The UMAs begin merging with humans in order to search for the treasures of Mu, the powerful ooparts, which will give them the power to revive Mu. After Subaru and War-Rock encounter several unusual enemies, they meet a professor named Doctor Orihime who sends them on a quest to find the ooparts and stop the UMAs. Using the ooparts, Rockman is able to take new forms, including Thunder Berserk, Fire Dinosaur, and Green Shinobi. (Source: Wikipedia)This special follows the story of how Isaki Shuuji and Ruo Minai became Contracted Priest and Shikabane Hime.Anime-inspired direct-to-DVD anthology film. Comprised of six short stories, from diverse creators, including Academy Award-nominated Josh Olsen (A History of Violence), Batman Begins writer David S. Goyer, and comics scribe Brian Azzarello. It's planned for a release window of two to four weeks prior to the release of The Dark Knight, and would bridge the gap between Batman Begins and The Dark Knight.(Source: IMDB)A summary of the Buddy Complex series told from the point of view of Nasu Mayuka.Bundled with limited editions of the 21st and 22nd volumes of the manga. No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.Bundled with the limited edition of the manga' 12th compiled volume.Mana is given a wedding dress which was worn by her mother and grandmother.All of sudden a mysterious man named Matthew appears and takes her to the past world.Mana is so glad to meet her grandmother and her beloved dog Maro that she had a long time ago, but she can't find two of her best friends Rikka and Alice. It looks her precious memories have been changed somehow.If things continue as is, the future will be ruined, too.The Precure girls have to fight to protect their memories and future!!(Source: Crunchyroll)In a world of adventurers and magic lies Naral Island. Every generation, a Demon Lord rises to plague the land, and every generation, a Hero is born to subdue him. For countless centuries, the cycle has repeated with no end in sight. The latest Hero, Juulia "Yusha" Charldetto, has almost completed her valiant campaign alongside her party members: responsible priest Seiran "Seira" Élénoir, enigmatic mage Meiza "Mei" Endust, and hyper-energetic warrior Fai Fai.In the final battle against the Demon Lord, Yusha's party attempt a risky spell to cast their enemy into the drifts of time. But the incantation goes awry, sending Yusha and her friends back to a time before the Demon Lord, before Yusha becomes the Hero, and before the party had even graduated as adventurers. With their memories of the future erased, the four girls restart their ambitions to become the Hero's Party, aspiring to defeat the Demon Lord.However, in a sudden twist of fate, the Demon Lord was also sent back in time with her memories intact. Reduced to the form of a little girl, the Demon Lord takes the name Mao and infiltrates the adventurers' school as a teacher, planning to stop Yusha before she becomes a hero. Thus begins the story of Yusha and her friends, in their quest to defeat the Demon Lord, not knowing that the one they seek is right by their side.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second part of first season of Fei Ren Zai.Based on the short story "Ghost Toilet" from Toru Tsunemitsu's urban myth collection "School Ghost Stories." This was adapted into the children's book "Hanako in the Toilet: Scary Stories of Your School" (1993). Several artists then adapted this into the "Here Comes Hanako" manga; most of them also wrote the anime version, which was aired as a segment of the TV series "Ponkikki Kids." Episodes, introduced by Hanako, included "The Haunted Cinema" and "The Cursed Promise Ring." In Sunshine Academy, there is a class of lost causes known as "the leftovers", the Plum class. Ruby and Kanon Mizushirou navigate through high school life in a fantastical world while juggling their warped friendship with their crush on Mikage Shiraishi.New student comes to Nube class. His name is Jun and he's a lonely boy who loves clowns very much. His only friend is a Pierre - clown in the mirror. And one night Pierre gives Jun a mask with strange abilities. At that point Jun starts to act strange and lot of accidents occur in the school.Konoha Akisato's love for bishoujo games—a type of entertainment focused on interactions with beautiful girls—has always nurtured her aspiration of becoming a popular artist. However, as Konoha secures her first job as a sub-illustrator at the game company Blue Bell, she confronts the harsh reality surrounding her favorite genre. In 2023, the bishoujo game industry is overrun with cheap, repetitive, and low-effort releases, with Blue Bell at the core of the problem.After stumbling upon a vintage game store and reminiscing about the impressive titles of the past, Konoha suddenly winds up in the year 1992—just as the bishoujo game industry was beginning to flourish. Konoha struggles to accept her new circumstances until she joins Alcohol Soft, a small game company willing to employ her as an illustrator. Although she believes her skills from the future will propel her to success, technology and illustration are considerably old-school, and she must promptly adapt if she wishes to fulfill her dreams.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Battle Programmer Shirase, also known as BPS, is a free programmer with super hacking abilities who doesn't work for money. What he does work for is certainly something that only people like him would appreciate. But, his demeanor certainly doesn't suit the jobs he is hired for. With the evil King of America causing trouble via the internet, Shirase is nothing but busy as each new adventure brings even more interesting people into the picture.(Source: ANN)The gods of the world are not myths or legends. They exist, unbeknownst to humans, fighting their battles and laying waste to land and life. People perceive the fights of such "Heretic Gods" as inexplicable natural disasters they cannot escape.Sixteen-year-old high school student Godou Kusanagi travels to Italy at the request of his grandfather to return a particular tablet to an acquaintance for safekeeping. Godou does not expect to get drawn into a battle between two Heretic Gods alongside Erica Blandelli, a self-proclaimed witch fighting to protect people. Fortunately, he manages to defeat the god of war in mortal combat and becomes a "Campione"—or "God Slayer"—whose duty is to fight Heretic Gods to save humanity.Godou's new status as a Campione attracts a bevy of Gods who wish to challenge him and a band of devout followers—mostly women—who are willing to aid him in his battles. Campione!: Matsurowanu Kamigami to Kamigoroshi no Maou follows Godou as he tackles dueling deities in a conflict between Heaven and Earth.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In her house, Mei Onigami discovers a strange round creature that only says "chimi." Her sisters, Mutsumi and Hazuki, agree to let the being stay with them until its owner comes to claim it. However, as soon as one of them utters the word "hell," more creatures show up until there are 12 in total. The sisters think nothing of this until the critters create a portal that summons an envoy from Hell.Jabberwock the Eighth, a horned and fanged man covered in fur, has come to unleash a living hell on earth under orders from his boss. However, when living in the human realm proves to be challenging, the Onigami sisters allow him to stay with them. They also take in his "Chimimoryo spirits"—the round demons that preceded his arrival. Called Jigoku-san by the Onigami sisters, this messenger from Hell has a lot of work cut out for him if he wants to take over the world. But before that, he will have to survive the everyday hells of human life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]TV anime show based on the manga by F. Fujio Fujiko.The first of Tadao Nagahama's Romance Super Robot Trilogy. (#2: Chou Denji Machine Voltes V, #3: Toushou Daimos)Thousands of years ago, the people of the planet Campbell decided to leave their planet and seek out new worlds to inhabit. One group, lead by the scientist Oreana, landed on Earth, but was delayed from their mission. In the early 21st century, Oreana's group reawakens and begins their plan to conquer the Earth. The only effective defense against the Campbellians' giant biomechanical slave beasts is the super-electromagnetic robot, Combattler V and its pilots.(Source: AniDB)At Ashford Academy, the girls get into juicy talks in the bath, and later plan a gender role reversal festival, which has everyone but Lelouch Lamperouge eager. The students also attend the grand opening of the Clovis Land pool, much to the scantily clad Cornelia li Britannia's embarrassment. Events from Lelouch's past show a chapter from his royal upbringing, and how he met Suzaku Kururugi. Code Geass: Hangyaku no Lelouch Picture Drama shows that when they are away from the bloodshed and agony of war, the characters live very different and often humorous lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two years after the catastrophic tidal wave that swept over Japan, police officer Kiyomasa Senji is trying to make the world a safer place. Using his Branch of Sin powers, he stops criminals in whatever ways he can. After rescuing a boy named Izuru Tsukiyoshi from a gang called Goreless Peace, the conflict between Kiyomasa and his adversaries heats up rapidly, to the point of being explosive.Offering a glimpse into the past of the future Deadman, the story follows Senji, helping to further develop the reasoning that drives his actions later in life.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story takes place on an island, where a "Fractale System" is beginning to collapse. One day, Clain finds an injured girl called Phryne under a cliff. She disappears leaving a pendant. Clain sets out for a journey with the girl-shaped avatar Nessa to look for Phryne and discovers the secret of the Fractale System.Like in any culture, Japanese kids grow up listening to the stories repeatedly told by their parents and grandparents. The boy born from a peach; the princess from the moon who is discovered inside a bamboo; the old man who can make a dead cherry tree blossom, etc. These short stories that teach kids to see both the dark and bright sides of life have passed traditional moral values from generation to generation.Each half-hour episode of Folktales from Japan consists of three self-contained stories, well-known and unknown, with a special focus on heartwarming stories that originate from Tohoku, the northern region heavily touched by the earthquake of 2011. May this program help cheer up earthquake victims and cast a light of hope for them?(Source: Crunchyroll)All Shuichi ever dreamed about was following in the footsteps of his pop idol, Ryuichi Sakuma and the band Nittle Grasper. Together with his best friend Hiro, Shuichi's formed a band called Bad Luck and they've even managed to get signed to a major recording label! Unfortunately, the studio deadlines are looming and Shuichi still hasn't finished the lyrics for any of the songs. What he needs is a little inspiration... but he's been running a little low in that department lately. While Hiro recommends finding a girlfriend, fate has other things in store for him...Walking through the park late one night, Shuichi's latest lyrics flutter away and land at the feet of a stunning stranger that takes his breath away. Unfortunately, that mysterious stranger happens to be the famous novelist Eiri Yuki, who completely crushes the young singer by telling him he has "zero talent". Now, Shuichi's so annoyed that he's managed to finish his song just so he can find and confront Yuki once again. But, are his actions really motivated by anger, or has he actually fallen in love? (Source: RightStuf)Animated four-panel manga that comes as extra on the DVDs and Blu-rays.A remake of Hajime Ningen Gyatoruz. Each episode contains three stories.The 8th season of Huyao Xiao Hongniang.Asaba Naoyuki is an ordinary high school student. As a member of his school's press club, he's just spent the summer camping outside the local military base, in hopes of seeing the UFOs that are secretly kept there, according to local legend. Returning to school, he meets a strange girl, Iriya Kana, and gradually comes to realize that she is more than merely strange - and that a dark secret lies beneath the world that he knows.(Source: ANN)The sequel to Konchuu Monogatari Minashigo Hutch where Hutch struggles with married life.In role-playing games, slimes are usually the easiest monster to kill, and because of that, they yield few experience points. But what would happen if you live long enough to keep defeating them for 300 years?After many years of being a corporate slave, Azusa Aizawa abruptly passes away due to severe exhaustion. Seemingly headed for the afterlife, she meets a goddess who bestows her with immortality alongside a peaceful life in another world. There, Azusa enjoys her days tending to her farm, protecting the nearby village, and killing about 25 slimes per day—a routine that continues for at least three centuries.However, this rather monotonous cycle begins to change when Azusa suddenly finds out that she has reached level 99—the maximum possible level—from slimes alone. Despite desperately trying to hide this fact in fear of ending her slow life, rumors of her strength spread nevertheless. Soon enough, various people throughout the continent, like the dragon Laika and the elf Halkara, start to appear at her doorstep—some seeking a battle, others asking for her assistance. Meeting friends and acquaintances who soon become family, Azusa finds she can live a life far better with others than when she was alone.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While several of the girls investigate Vatlers ship afloat, Akatsuki and Himeragi wake up alone in the school gym with no memories of the day before and no explanation for why they were asleep on the same futon and why Himeragi is wearing an old-fashioned school PE uniform with bloomers.  A bloody baseball bat and missing weapon soon deepen the mystery as assorted forces race to solve the mystery of the empty boat, the bloody bat, and the purple bra in the MCs pockets!Prince Lloyd wasn't always a prince...in fact, his previous life is one he remembers perfectly: he was a sorcerer, of sorts. So when he was forced to reincarnate, he decided to continue his studies, prince of the realm or no! But his new life has its own sets of challenges...including being a 10-year-old! What's the 7th prince/sorcerer to do?!(Source: Kodansha)The year is 2203, not long after the Bolar Federation was defeated by Desslok's Galman-Gamilon Empire. A subspace dimensional dislocation has caused a distant Red Galaxy to be relocated in a collision course with the Milky Way. Stars and planets collide, making a wreck of the Galman-Gamilon homeworld. The Star Force is dispatched to investigate. They reach Galmania to find Desslok's palace in ruins.As they pay their respects, tossing white roses down to the surface of the planet, a huge red planet crashes into Galmania, forcing to StarForce to escape with an immediate and uncalculated warp.(Source: AniDB)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.The second season of Ze Tian Ji.Teenage boy Lin Fei was unable to practice martial arts due to a defect in his meridians. After witnessing his master and his best friend die in the battle in the Black Abyss, he began to practice an ancient art of artifact refinement. He vowed to avenge them and hunt down the leader of the Black Abyss, even if it cost him his own life. A mysterious power revived him in a new era, and Lin Fei was determined to rebuild his sect and make it flourish.(Source: Narul Donghua)49-year-old James Lynx was an officer (LEV pilot) in the United Nations global army, one day he received notification that his wife—a Martian scientist—was killed during a lab experiment.Hateful and resentful for letting her go, his children blamed him and cast him aside, depressed and in despair, James quit the military and took up a job as a transporter between Earth and Mars, he had some slight hope of his wife still being alive and to find her he wanted to be out there. After a few years, he seemed to have given up all hope and turned to drinking, until one day he receives an orbital frame by the name of "Dolores," sent by his dead wife. Once again, he dares to hope and sets off on a wild and wacky adventure to find the truth and to reunite his family.(Source: AniDB)Japan's latest competitive sport, keijo, is dictated by a simple set of rules: female-only participants must stand on circular platforms floating in a pool—referred to as "lands"—with the goal being to knocking off opponents using only their breasts and butts. Despite this outlandish premise, the sport attracts millions of viewers across the country and boasts a lavish prize pool. Many aspiring athletes take up the challenge in hopes of becoming the next national champion.After graduating from high school, the lively 17-year-old Nozomi Kaminashi enters the world of keijo, hoping to bring home a fortune to her poor family. As a gifted gymnast, Nozomi quickly proves herself a tough competitor after stealing the spotlight in her debut tournament. Meeting new friends and rivals as she climbs the ranks, Nozomi discovers that the path to stardom as a keijo player is filled with intense competition that will challenge not only her body, but also her soul.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Kotetsushin Jeeg takes place fifty years after the original and features a new cast of characters—primarily the new main character Kenji Kusanagi, a high school student who becomes Kotetsushin Jeeg to fight the sudden reappearance of "Haniwa Genjin" ("Haniwa Phantom Gods", or clay robots) from the Jamada Empire ruled by Queen Himika. Other characters include Tsubaki Tamashiro (grandaughter of Miwa Uzuki); and Kyou Misumi. Other main characters from the original series also appear.Hidden in plain sight, spirits known as youkai inhabit the world. While most are benign, a certain subset threatens the tenuous peace between youkai and humanity. Ever since she agreed to become their "God of Wisdom," Kotoko Iwanaga has served as a mediator between the two realms, resolving any supernatural problems that come her way.At a local hospital, Kotoko approaches Kurou Sakuragawa, a university student whose long-term relationship ended with an unfortunate breakup. Kotoko harbors feelings for him and suspects that something supernatural lurks within his harmless appearance, so she asks Kurou for his assistance in helping out youkai.Two years later, news of an idol who was accidentally crushed to death by steel beams flooded the press. However, months later, sightings begin to tell of a faceless woman who wields a steel beam. As is the case for any supernatural problem, Kotoko and her partner set out to stop this spirit from wreaking havoc—but this case may prove to be far more sinister and personal than they could have ever thought.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Xifeng city, the reputation of the Chu family was known as a collapsed clan. But one day, Chu Xing Yun confidently applied for the second family of the Shui Family, Liu Xiang. His actions might be arrogant, but Chu Xing Yun had more knowledge about the future than anyone thought. In another life, Chu Xing Yun was a brave warrior from his family when the war between the Chu clan and Shui tore apart two families.While investigating a sound anomaly across the galaxy, Basara crash-lands on a snowy planet and receives an unfriendly welcome from the local residents. On the planet, he befriends Pedro, a four-year-old boy who watches the Galaxy Network and idolizes Fire Bomber. Basara also discovers that the sound he's searching for is generated by Emilia, a lone Meltrandi struggling to make music of her own.(Source: ANN)Lalabel is a magical girl who arrives in the Human world to stop an evil wizard from stealing various magical objects or items. As a magical girl, she has a kitty for a companion and a magic wand. Coincidentally, she lands on the doorstep of the Tachibana couple and lives in with them during her stay in the human world. She attends the local school and begins to learn about the different things in the human world.(Source: ANN) As peace returns to the demon realm, Anos Voldigoad wishes nothing more than to put his reputation as the Demon King of Tyranny to rest and go back to being a misfit at the prestigious Demon King Academy. Unfortunately, any tranquility is fleeting: sinister demons, kings, and deities plot Anos's demise from the shadows.Rumors spread about the "Child of God," a being whose power may rival that of Anos. To uncover the truth and eliminate the potential threat, Anos must journey deep into the land of spirits. However, the spirit world is shrouded in mystery, and it may only be entered after undergoing a series of difficult trials.With unrivaled power and confidence, Anos braces himself to defeat various formidable enemies with grandiose titles. But he—with the assistance of his trusted allies—will barely have to break a sweat as the true Demon King of Tyranny.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Anime adaptation of the spin-off manga Meitantei Conan: Zero no Tea Time that focuses on the life of the triple agent as he attempts to keep all his different roles in check.The docks provide a look into the very essence of ocean life—the calm, rhythmic sounds of the waves, the small bugs skittering across the pier, and—mermaids!? Takurou Mukoujima's quiet days spent fishing are no more when he reels in the energetic mermaid Muromi-san, who proceeds to entertain herself around her newfound friend, even if he is obviously disinterested.Now with a talkative and reckless companion always by his side, Takurou struggles to avoid getting caught up in Muromi-san's pace as she starts to invite her deep-sea friends, making the dock a popular gathering place for mythological creatures. Every day might be new and exciting, but all Takurou really wants is to fish in peace![Written by MAL Rewrite]The official website for the Nanbaka television anime announced that the "Nanfes" event in April will screen a previously unreleased anime special.Led by Kakashi Hatake, Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, and Rock Lee are tasked to escort the extravagant Prince Michiru Tsuki and his spoiled son Hikaru to the prosperous Land of Moon when the two return from a long trip around the world. As if guarding two whimsical high-ranked individuals was not challenging enough, the prince's reckless decision to acquire an entire circus during their journey—mainly to entertain Hikaru's wish of owning the saber-toothed tiger featured in the show—further propels the mission into disarray.Just as things are finally settling down, the arrival of Michiru's convoy at the Land of Moon is met with an unforeseen crisis—the greedy Chief Minister Shabadaba has taken over the country with the assistance of mysterious, powerful ninjas. While Kakashi's team relentlessly fights the enemy by any means necessary, the two princes are forced to confront a new outlook on life through adversity.[Written by MAL Rewrite]According to Weekly Shonen Jump, 3D movies of One Piece and Toriko were announced to premiere on March 19th, 2011. One Piece 3D is an original story about the missing straw hat of Luffy. The year is 972 A.D. in Kyoto, the capital of ancient Japan. Kyoto is becoming a corrupt and run-down city; selfish samurai and onmyoji, who care only about gaining political power are everywhere. To make matters worse the city is suffering from famine and widespread disease. Unable to ignore the condition of the city any longer, the Imperial Court decides to send Minamoto no Raiko, a famous samurai well-known for his archery skills, to recover a legendary gem said to hold mysterious power to save the world. However Raiko also falls ill to disease. Instead his youngest sister, Hikaru, decides secretely to make the journey in his place. Hikaru meets many people, and has many adventures while on her trip for the legendary gem.(Source: ANN)Unaired episodes included in 11th & 12th BD/DVD volume of the Persona 5 the Animation. These volumes contained the two Persona 5 the Animation TV Specials ("Stars and Ours" & "Dark Sun..." respectively) rather than episodes of the regular TV series.#1: Few days after battle against Akechi. Ren, who was helping out with the cafe, saw a cross word puzzle magazine on the table and saw Akechi's handwriting besides a solved crossword "Seigi no Akashi (Sign of Justice)." In order to investigate the meaning, he walks around the street under the cold winter snow while thinking back at the memory with Akechi. The meaning that revealed and Akechi's feeling is...#2: Valentine's Day Omnibus Story featuring Ren Amamiya.After his mother wins a free trip to the islands, Pokémon trainer Satoshi and his partner Pikachu head for Melemele Island of the beautiful Alola region, which is filled with lots of new Pokémon and even variations of familiar faces. Eager to explore the island, Satoshi and Pikachu run wild with excitement, quickly losing their way while chasing after a Pokémon. The pair eventually stumbles upon the Pokémon School, an institution where students come to learn more about these fascinating creatures.At the school, when he and one of the students—the no-nonsense Kaki—have a run-in with the nefarious thugs of Team Skull, Satoshi discovers the overwhelming might of the Z-Moves, powerful attacks originating from the Alola region that require the trainer and Pokémon to be in sync. Later that night, he and Pikachu have an encounter with the guardian deity Pokémon of Melemele Island, the mysterious Kapu Kokeko. The Pokémon of legend bestows upon them a Z-Ring, a necessary tool in using the Z-Moves. Dazzled by their earlier battle and now in possession of a Z-Ring, Satoshi and Pikachu decide to stay behind in the Alola Region to learn and master the strength of these powerful new attacks.Enrolling in the Pokémon School, Satoshi is joined by classmates such as Lillie, who loves Pokémon but cannot bring herself to touch them, Kaki, and many others. Between attending classes, fending off the pesky Team Rocket—who themselves have arrived in Alola to pave the way for their organization's future plans—and taking on the Island Challenge that is necessary to master the Z-Moves, Satoshi and Pikachu are in for an exciting new adventure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Precure All-Stars DX the Dance Live: Miracle Dance Stage e Youkoso is an all-in-3D dance production featuring the Pretty Cures from seasons Futari wa Pretty Cure Max Heart through to Suite Pretty Cure♪ (sans Cure Muse). The production lasts for 10 minutes, and is done entirely in stereoscopic 3D, featuring a medley of songs from the different DX movies, as well as some brand new songs. The dance production itself was released in movie theatres on 5 August 2011, accompanied by the release of a brand new single, Pretty Cure All Stars 3D Theatre Theme Song Single. The movie starts when a pink shooting star falls down from the night sky and soughts out a toy store, striking one of the Cure Dolls of Melody on display. The Melody Doll comes alive, freeing herself from her box. Jumping to the floor, she explores the toy store when she hears the noise of a crowd coming from outside. Running out of the store, she discovers a huge TV screen which reflects a "real-life" image of herself. Playing around with it, she is soon joined by a Cure Doll of Rhythm. The two spot Hummy, waiting several floors down on the dance floor, who waved at them and sends up two rainbow keyboards to the Cure Dolls. Nodding to each other, the two slide down the keyboard onto the dance floor, and the concert began. The concert ends with a shot of the huge TV screen shown during the introduction. The 3 Suite♪ Cures are seen smiling and waving at the audience, and as the shot zoomed out, the 3 Cure Dolls are shown at the bottom of the screen.(Source: Pretty Cure Wiki)Princes who have been turned into Dwarfs seek the red shoes of a lady in order to break the spell, although it will not be easy. A parody with a twist.In the year of 20XX, a young boy by the name of Netto Hikari receives a very special gift as he enters the 5th grade. His very own customized net navi, Rockman! Despite Rockman's small size and far more responsible personality, the two boys quickly become the best of friends. A net navi is designed to guide his operator from the inside of his or her PErsonal Terminal, or simply PET for short. Children and adults alike enjoy friendly "Net Battles", where they spar their navis against each other to prove their worth. (Source: Official Site)Sleepy Life of SERVAMPWhen they are not busy battling supernatural threats, servamps and their Eves enjoy carefree day-to-day affairs and lighthearted quarrels. Naturally, while other servamps and Eves work through their own troubles, Kuro plays video games and dozes off—not much of a change from his usual sleepy self. Hai ni Mamireta Shoukei: All the world's a stageDuring a fight, Hyde recalls the time he used his charm as a hedgehog to trick Licht Jekylland Todoroki—piano prodigy and self-proclaimed angel—into forming a blood bond and becoming his Eve.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Part one of the second season of Shaonian Ge Xing.After a three-year coma due to a car accident, Haruka Suzumiya finally leaves Keyaki General Hospital. The young woman slowly gets accustomed to the outside world thanks to the warmth of her loving family and caring boyfriend Takayuki Narumi—who broke up with the girlfriend he had made during Haruka's hospitalization so that he could pursue his former love.However, afraid to be a burden to Takayuki, Haruka suggests breaking up with him and then abandons him in a departing train. More determined than ever to start a career in picture book writing, Haruka devotes herself to studying for the university admission exam. At the same time, Takayaki tries to land a stable job despite the lasting economic depression. Although they pursue seemingly different goals, will Takayuki and Haruka be able to ultimately reunite?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Ange is now trapped in the Seijuu Universe, and cannot leave until she awakens Seijuu's Queen. In order to do this, she must gather nine new guardians. It sounds like a fairly simple task, but how can she convince these men to tear away from their own lives and protect the life of another?Novice bounty hunter Chateau Dankworth never expected to encounter someone capable of overpowering her in combat. Even less so that the mysterious man would take an immediate interest in her—to the point of aiding her missions. However, Chateau makes it clear that she has no plans of entertaining any personal involvement with him.Chateau's company is soon tasked with eliminating Song Ryang-ha—an expert assassin and a former member of a powerful Asian organization. Coincidentally, Ryang-ha is the man that has been pursuing her. Despite his background, Chateau reluctantly agrees to meet with Ryang-ha as part of a deal: in exchange for going out with him, he will provide her with the locations of current targets, dead or alive.But when the past begins to haunt both killers, their arrangement may need to come to an end, as their entanglement puts their lives at grave risk.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Lost Song tells the stories of the cheerful Rin and the reserved Finis, two songstresses who are capable of performing magical songs. Rin grew up in a remote village with her family and was taught to keep her power secret, while Finis lives and performs in the royal palace.Rin's happy and peaceful life is shattered after she saves an injured knight named Henry Leobort with her song of healing. She was seen by soldiers who proceeded to attack her village in hopes of capturing her. With nowhere else to go, she and her inventor brother Al begin a journey to the capital.Finis finds herself falling in love with Henry and, knowing that the greedy and spiteful Prince Lood Bernstein IV desires her, must hide their relationship. She wants to help people with her songs, but with war on the horizon, she worries that Lood will order her to cast her magic in the battlefield. Only time will tell how her destiny and Rin's will intersect, as the two of them struggle to find their paths.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Since her childhood, Su Xiao has been sidelined because of her frightening air. Now an actress, she unfortunately remains stuck in the roles of villains.One day, Xiao Jian , a recognized investor and actor, comes across a scene between Su Xiao and his manager, which is confusing. In order to silence him, Su Xiao signs a contract with him.  (Source: Nautiljon)Magician's Academy revolves around Takuto Hasegawa, who attends a magic academy that is not marked on any map. During a summoning spell exam, he accidentally creates a girl named Tanarotte, who happens to hold enough magical power to destroy his country, but fortunately Tanarotte professes undying loyalty (and love) to her "creator." (Source: ANN)Second season of Muhyo to Rouji no Mahouritsu Soudan Jimusho.In the 21st century, aliens have arrived on Earth and live among humans. In sleepy Enohana, the dirt-poor student Chigasaki Mayuko finds herself living together with NieA, a low-caste ("Under Seven") alien. While Mayuko struggles diligently to make ends meet, NieA seems to be totally unconcerned with the consequences of her actions. As the odd couple throws off the expected sparks, the wrecked alien mothership looms in the background... (Source: ANN)A summary episode of the whole series. Traffic Safety: Onpu teaches traffic safety.Bicycle Safety Classroom: Momoko teaches bicycle safety.Let's!! Cooking: Learn how to make special treats!(Source: Royal Patraine)The diehard otaku Kirino Kousaka has returned and settled back into life in Japan with her friends and family. Despite what her older brother Kyousuke has previously done for her, Kirino continues to give him the cold shoulder, much to his frustration. He is worried that his persuasion for Kirino to drop her track and field training in America and return home may have severely strained his relationship with her. On top of that, Kyousuke now also has to decode a bold and cryptic message from Ruri "Kuroneko" Gokou, his junior at school as well as Kirino's friend.As the ties between the two siblings and their friends deepen, Kirino and Kyousuke will soon have to figure out how they want to deal with these relationships, helping each other realize their own feelings in the process. In spite of that, Kirino still manages to find time to satisfy her otaku needs with the company of her brother.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The infidelity of Eita Kidou's parents not only made his family fall apart, but also made him skeptic of love. Having no intention to delve into romance, Eita devotes his entire high school life to his studies in order to become a doctor.It did not take long for the beautiful and popular Masuzu Natsukawa to notice Eita's apathy. Tired of being the object of people's affection, she asks him to pretend to be her boyfriend, as she too feels disgusted at the notion of love. Eita, however, refuses—yet Masuzu has one trick left up her sleeve: Eita’s journal and threatening to post the embarrassing content online if he does not comply.Now entangled in a fake romance with the most desired girl at school, Eita's life is turned upside down. Whether envied by his peers or receiving a confession, he must cope with his newfound relationship and all the troubles that come along with it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Losing their war against Heaven's angel army, the demons of Hell are on the cusp of collapse. As a last ditch attempt to turn the tides of the war, the demons send Akutsu Masatora to the mortal plane on Earth to save their homeland from the angels. Disguising himself as a high school student, Akutsu seeks to recruit someone with the capability to lead the demons to victory.Akutsu does not have to look far: among his classmates is the magnificent Lily Amane, a transfer student who seems like the perfect candidate for Akutsu's plans. But as luck would have it, Lily is one of the very angels that Akutsu is meant to be fighting against, and his attempt to recruit her might end up being the biggest blunder in the failing war. Worse yet, Akutsu may fall in love with his own worst enemy.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Pig lives at the top of a hill in a town surrounded by a destructive, dark cloud. Before Pig's father leaves to find a solution to the cloud, he builds Pig a small wooden dam to protect him and the town. The dam's windmill keeps the cloud at bay, and Pig now has the responsibility to care for the dam. Young and alone, Pig finds love and family through his friendship with Fox, and continues to care for the townsfolk in a variety of ways. However, Pig struggles with the absence of his father, and his desire to search for his father competes with his need to keep the town safe.(Source: ANN)Madoka Kyouno is an energetic girl who is full of passion. As the proud, and only, member of the Kamogawa Girls' High School Jersey Club, she goes around helping people in need.Madoka's life is turned upside down when she is suddenly asked by a mysterious girl named Lan to pilot a robot. Motivated by her desire to protect the people and city of Kamogawa, Madoka agrees to pilot the resurrected Vox robot to fight against extraterrestrials that have come to attack Earth.(Source: VIZ Media)A two minute long promo for the re-mastered series. Contains animation not used in the TV series.When Prince Siegfried spots a beautiful swan with a crown on its head, for some reason he feels compelled to follow it. He discovers that the swan is, in fact, a princess named Odette, who is under a wizard's curse that causes her to become a swan by day. The wizard, Rothbart, wants to keep Odette to himself, and the only thing that can break the spell on Odette is a man who truly loves her, with all his heart and soul...(Source: ANN)Yakumo has trained and searched for 4 years, following Pai's mysterious disappearance. However, when he finally finds her, not all is well as her memory seems to be gone. They attempt to return her memory by going to the Holy Land, birthplace of the immortal race of Sanjiyans.The war between the Terrans and the Vers Empire of Mars has ended, allowing humanity to blissfully enjoy their lives in a time of peace. Nineteen months later, however, the Vers princess makes a shocking public declaration: "the Terrans are a foolish race that covets resources, destroys nature, and are devoted to the pursuit of pleasure." And so, to protect their precious Earth, she calls upon her knights to take up arms, and the raging battle between the two civilizations reignites.Slaine Troyard has found a place among the Martians, giving Earth a short respite from the war against the Vers Empire. However, a peaceful resolution seems inconceivable. The various people who fought desperately for survival in the past now find themselves in the midst of yet another bloody and chaotic conflict, one that will forever alter the fate of humankind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After being inspired by the fictional anime, "Luis Monde III", Mikiko "Kuromi" Oguro goes to animation school and finally lands the job of her dreams at Studio Petit. Upon arriving, she meets the head of production. Unfortunately for her, he dies soon after meeting her and passes his position unto her. Now that she's head of production of "Time Journeys", it's up to her to rally up the lazy animator's and finish the second episode in a week.(Source: ANN)A stop-motion puppet animation adaptation of the Beauty and the Beast fairy tale.In 2022, an EMP detonation causes a global blackout that has massive, destructive implications all over the world. Directed by Cowboy Bebop and Samurai Champloo's Shinichiro Watanabe, Blade Runner: Black Out 2022 is an animated short which serves as a prologue for the feature film Blade Runner 2049.(Source: Crunchyroll, edited)Crown Prince of the Kingdom of Lucis, Noctis Lucis Caelum, sets out on a journey to Caem. His purpose is to meet with Lunafreya Nox Fleuret, an oracle and Noctis' childhood friend, in order to marry her. A strong and silent type, Noctis is accompanied by his friends and Royal Guard Gladiolus, Prompto, and Ignis. The four young men set out on a road trip across the continent in the king's personal convertible, the Regalia. Along the journey, each of them experience various situations which allow them to reflect on their past together, and strengthen their bonds for the future.A prequel to the 2016 video game Final Fantasy XV, Brotherhood: Final Fantasy XV explores the relationships of its four main protagonists and the challenges awaiting them.[Written by MAL Rewrite]What's a Chiikawa? No one really knows, but everyone can see they're small, they're cute, and they're always having a fun time! Join them as they explore their surreal world with the sharp humor and clever antics that make the Chiikawa irresistible.(Source: HIDIVE, edited)After years of fruitless war between the four realms of Gamindustri (Planeptune, Lastation, Lowee and Leanbox) over Share energy, the source of their strength based on how much their people have faith in their goddesses, the four CPUs that rule over them have finally signed a friendship treaty. The treaty bans any attempt at claiming Share energy through military force, in hopes of bringing peace and prosperity to their worlds. Yet, a month after the treaty, Neptune, the CPU Goddess of Planeptune, spends her time goofing off and playing games rather than doing her job, leaving her land's Shares plummeting.Choujigen Game Neptune The Animation follows Neptune and her friends' attempts at raising Shares, while dealing with an external threat that could spell the end of both the Goddesses and Gamindustri itself...Short anime clips published on the official twitter account to advertise the movie, Chuunibyou demo Koi ga Shitai! Movie: Take On Me. Shin-chan is all set to challenge Kung Fu in the Chinatown of Kasukabe city, known as "Aiya Town." Shinnosuke and Kasukabe Defence Group are going to put up a totally no-stunt Kung Fu challenge on the stage.(Source: Wikipedia)Crushers: intergalactic Jacks-of-All-Trades who will take on any assignment for the right price. Crusher Joe heads a small team of these outer space troubleshooters that includes the cyborg Talos, the beautiful Alfin, and the obligatory kid sidekick Ricky. A routine assignment escorting a cryogenically frozen heiress to a medical facility goes awry when the girl goes missing and Joe and his team are left holding the bag. It seems space pirates are trying to play the Crushers for patsies, but Joe doesn’t take kindly to the setup and tracks the pirates to their home world. The four heroes not only have to rescue their human cargo but take down the pirates in the process, which involves a heck of a lot of space dogfights, explosions, and good old-fashioned hand-to-hand combat. (Source: AniDB)Extended ending showing what happened with Befort Children after the events from the last episode of the TV series. DVD release exclusive.Forte suddenly asks for leave for the day, leaving the Angels, Ranpha in particular, thinking she's off for a date. Meanwhile, Forte meets up with an old acquaintance who wants to ask her opinion on a rather pressing matter of life and death.(Source: Wikipedia)Direct continuation of the previous season. Full CG series about 3 fairies who ramble over random subjects in 3 locations. Old Japanese folk legends released on Japanese and English to teach Japanese children English.Special that can be found on DVD. Contains animation not reused in the TV series.Qin Ze is a young man who has just entered university. From an early age he excels in singing but following a trauma, he is no longer able to sing in public.However one day, his twin sister Qin Ya, a popular singer, will change his fate by asking him to replace her.(Source: Nautiljon)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.OVA episode of Shinmai Maou no Testament, sold with the eight volume of the light novel of the same property.Part A: Maria is up to her ususal hijinx using a new prototype succubus video camera she tries to record one of Mio's erotic dreams.Part B: Basara is invited by Hasegawa Sensei to her apartment for dinner. He gets more hospitality than he ever would have expected!DVD-exclusive specials. The first takes place between episode 4 and 5 of the main series and and the second is a prologue to the series leading up to the events on the last day before the beginning of episode 1.(Source: AniDB)Chirico visits an oasis town and meets Gotho and his friends for the first time in 32 years.Recap of Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld.2500 years ago, in India, Siddhartha was born as a prince of the Shakya clan, but he gives up his position as a prince to see the world. While he travels he meets a strange boy named Assaji, who can predict the future and a monk with only one eye. Overwhelmed by the sufferings he witnesses around him, Siddhartha strives to restore peace. Meanwhile, Prince Ruri of Kosara begins his attack on the Shakya clan. (Source: IMDB) "My senpai from work... is tiny and cute."Shinozaki is an office worker who is taken care of and coddled by his senior team member Shiori Katase: a gorgeous, profoundly kind, loving, and diminutive woman.Shinozaki certainly hopes that she's not doing it out of duty... but her joy of doing so increasingly exposes her feelings! (Source: MU)Touta Konoe is an ordinary boy raised in a small rural town. His mundane life suddenly changes when his mentor, Yukihime, reveals herself to be a vampire; after saving Touta from a mortal wound, she causes him to become immortal as well.Already yearning to explore the world, young Touta finally puts his dream to ascend to the top of Amanomihashira—a tower that leads to outer space—into realization. Along the way, he finds a secret society filled with immortals just like him called "UQ Holders." Gaining new comrades and mentorship along the way, Touta embarks on his own unique, magical adventure.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Recap of the first 12 episodes narrated by Tomoaki Maeno, with a sneak peek of the second cours.Sun Wukong, who was born from a magic stone, has been imprisoned underneath a mountain for five centuries for his mischief in the heavens. One day, the Diety Guanyin told Wukong that the Monk Tangsen will set him free, and Wukong will join him on a pilgrimage from China to India. The next day, Xuanzang came and set him free, and the two started their Journey to the west. Along the way, they meet two new friends, Zhu Bajie and the Hermit Sha Wujing who joins them on the journey; together, they face many dangers and evil creatures and sorcerers and learn to get along.(Source: Wikipedia) After defeating a mysterious enemy, Yuuma Tsukumo, along with the help of Kaito Tenjou and Ryouga "Shark" Kamishiro, has thwarted the Barians' plans. However, Yuuma is still on a quest to retrieve the Number Cards to restore Astral's memories. The Seven Barian Emperors catch wind of Yuuma and Astral's endeavors and begin to collect the cards themselves to achieve their ultimate goal: destroying Astral's world in exchange for saving their own.Though only five of the emperors are present, they unanimously decide on annihilating Astral and Yuuma once and for all. Elsewhere, with their newfound powers of ZEXAL, Astral and Yuuma work to eliminate the enemy force that threatens Earth and the rest of the universe.Yu☆Gi☆Oh! Zexal Second unveils the mysteries and unpleasant surprises that lie in the wake of Yuuma's adversities. As Astral struggles to accept his past and the consequences it may have brought, will the gods continue to shower their fortune upon Yuuma on yet another perilous adventure?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Picture Drama episodes included in each DVD volumes of Zero no Tsukaima: Princesses no Rondo.Episode Titles:vol.1 「Maid's Afternoon: Whip of Love」(メイドの午後　愛のムチ編)vol.2 「Maid's Afternoon: Afternoon for Two」(メイドの午後　二人きりの昼下がり編)vol.3 「Maid's Afternoon: The Last Night」 (メイドの午後　最後の夜編)vol.4 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Prologue (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 序章)vol.5 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 1 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第1章)vol.6 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 Chapter 2 (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 第2章)vol.7 「Countess Butterfly's Graceful Day」 The Last Chapter (バタフライ伯爵夫人の優雅な一日 最終章)The story follows teenager Xu Xingze, a passionate basketball player who aspires to join the Basketball Team of the regions top school after seeing their Star Player win the Final Four Tournament. When his sister accidentally enrolls him into a lesser school with a similar name, its up to Xu and his ragtag group of new friends to prove their worth and their skill on the Court against some of the top High School players in the Region.  A girl wrapped in white, her name is Momo...in her hand lies a blunt yet shiny scythe. By her side is a winged black cat by the name of Daniel. Carrying the souls of humans, the girl's existence parallels to that of a "Death God" or "Shinigami". At the instant when this white Death God touches the hearts of humans, the world is filled with kindness and grief... (Source: ANN) The history is placed right after the -cliffhanger- end of Godannar when Anna looks surprised to see Mira driving the Neo Okusaer.(Source: AniDB)Beiyi used a strategy to attack Baicheng, an important town in the northern border of Daqi Kingdom. Tang Yao, the guard of Baicheng, led his people to resist desperately, but they were outnumbered, and all sacrificed. Only the second daughter, Tang Ying, survived.What makes Tang Ying even more indignant is that his father sacrificed his life for the country, but in return he was charged with collaborating with the enemy. In order to take the place of her father, Tang Yingyi went to the capital, but found that things were not as simple as imagined.Is Yuan Lang, the second prince of the Daqi Kingdom who has been hostage for decades, related to Beiyi?Why is the woman pretending to be herself so strangely similar?What happened to the otherworldly person that Yao Niang from the movie department was talking about?There are also those strange and familiar memories that appeared nervously... There are too many mysteries waiting for Tang Ying to answer. (Source: Bilibili, Google translated)A series of shorts featuring Index-tan. Tsukino Talent Productions is home to two up-and-coming idol units named Six Gravity and Procellarum. The units all live together in the same dormitory and try to juggle their budding careers and daily lives. At their joint handshake event, unit leaders Hajime Mutsuki and Shun Shimotsuki announce the "Full Moon Festival"—a collaboration concert in a few months. Excited about the upcoming event, these 12 male idols must learn to collaborate with each other in order to pull it off successfully.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The strange and magical events of the last season have left Kazuto with two Valkyries. He now finds himself living with and looking after both a teenaged-princess Valkyrie, as well as the child-princess Valkyrie! And they still have not yet gotten married...(Source: AniDB)Vandread Gekitouhen (Vandread Turbulence), similiar to Vandread Taidouhen, is an OVA summary of Vandread the Second Stage plus several extra scenes(Source: AniDB)In an alternate 21st century, the robotics industry undergoes a period of rapid advancement worldwide. By the year 2050, Japan has firmly established itself as the leader in robotic technology and manufacture with Daiwa Heavy Industries. As the technology evolves to include robotic enhancements to the human body, the blurring of the line between man and machine triggers a sudden shift in world opinion. In response, the U.N. passes a unilateral ban of further research and development on robotics in 2067. Japan fiercely objects to this ban, but is unable to prevent its passage. In protest, Japan withdrew from international politics and chose to pursue a policy of high-tech national isolation. While only trade continues, Japan disappears from the world scene.Ten years later, a series of bizarre incidents lead the American technology police agency SWORD to believe that Japan has concealed extensive development of banned technologies through the use of the RACE network. SWORD dispatches a unit of special agents to infiltrate Japan and gather intelligence on the country. Vexille, a veteran agent among the group, uncovers the horrifying truth behind the ten years of isolation.Wakaba Kohashi, a sheltered rich girl, dreams of becoming a fashionable and trendy gyaru because she admires their outgoing and carefree nature. With this goal in mind, Wakaba begins the school year hoping to make her high school debut as a gyaru. On the first day of class, she meets the pure Moeko Tokita, the serious Nao Mashiba, and the eccentric Mao Kurokawa, and the four of them quickly become friends as they learn about and imitate each other's lifestyles.Wakaba*Girl follows the adventures of these four friends while they experience events like school festivals, waterpark trips, and gym class tests. Along the way, Wakaba discovers what it is like to live as a regular student while Nao, Moeka, and Mao catch a glimpse into the life of a rich family. With never a dull moment in their lives, the four girls make sure to live each day to the fullest.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Extra episode bundled with the second Blu-ray and DVD volume of Wakaba*Girl.Zero was mankind’s first real superhero. Under his watch, countless other superheros appeared and followed in his footsteps. However, after 5 years of war, Zero disappeared without a trace.(Source: zeroscans)Mechadock is a powerful race car obtained from a simple economy car, which is able to race on any ground.High school student Yumeji Fujiwara has the ability to see people's dreams. Despite the visions never appearing clear or concrete, he is able to predict them by sensing the person's "aura." Normally, this skill is a fun trick to play on his classmates, but Yumeji only ever sees himself having the same nightmare every night.To his surprise, the nightmare continues in the middle of the day even before Yumeji has fallen asleep. The unexpected event was triggered by a dream demon—an inhabitant of the world of dreams who wants to use Yumeji's body as a vessel to fully enter the real world. However, Yumeji is saved by the timely arrival of Merry Nightmare, another dream demon who can somehow physically manifest without a host and is instead trying to return to her own realm.As more dream demons continue to push into reality, it is up to Yumeji and Merry to fight back against the invasion before everyone's nightmares materialize.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Second half of Zhen Hun Jie: Bei Luo Shi Men Pian.In the year 3990, the immortal Oldna Poseidal rules Pentagona, a war-torn solar system of five planets. Daba Myroad is a survivor of the Yaman Clan, just one of numerous native societies nearly wiped out by the tyrant. Living on the remote planet Koam with his friend Mirao Kyao, Daba possesses L-Gaim, a humanoid mecha known commonly as a "Heavy Metal" and the last known relic of the Yaman Clan. The pair befriend Fanneria Amu, an aspiring actress, and Lilith Fau, the last surviving fairy in Pentagona while on the run from a band of thieves attempting to steal L-Gaim.Daba promises to fulfill the dying wish of one of the thieves hunting him—an honorable act that leads him to the powerful merchant Amandara Kamandara. With their mission in sight, the ragtag group will face powerful adversaries and become entangled in a rebellion against Poseidal's reign.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nagi Umino and Erika Amano, a studious high school student and a social media star, had nothing that linked them together—until they found out they were swapped at birth. When the sudden news is revealed to both of their families, their parents quickly devise a proposition with neither Nagi's nor Erika's knowledge: in order to restore them both to their rightful families and ensure everyone's happiness, the two should get engaged.When informed of this, Nagi and Erika are quick to reject the absurd plan, refusing to go along with their parents' wishes. But, with neither party willing to back down, only time can tell where their relationship will go.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fourteen-year-old Kouichi Hayase's life has always been a mediocre one, if not dismal. However, those days of being bullied by classmates and escaping to a fantasy of being a hero are put to an end when a certain "accident" bestows on him a girl and a gigantic humanoid robot called "LINEBARREL." The extraordinary power that Kouichi obtains puts him and everything around him on a sudden rollercoaster ride of battles, intrigues and friendship! During the course of his adventure, the boy starts to learn what life has to offer; he meets new friends, bids farewell to the old ones, but most of all he now has considerable responsibilities and is forced to confront the world around him.(Source: Official site)It's Kyoto, and yet it is not.A microcosm of peculiar origins, "Mirror Kyoto."A small incident causes a young girl, Koto, to wander into this world.She runs into a mysterious monk, gets chased around by a tech-obsessed girl, and heartily enjoys her chaotic and colorful new life, but meanwhile, out of sight, a certain plan is being set into motion...In this mysterious city where spirits and humans have been thrown together, the festivities are about to begin!(Source: translated from the official website by lygerzero0zero)Based on The Magic Tree House series, award winning series of children books written by American author Mary Pope Osborne.Recap episode.The famous cheerful guy, Saikawa had tried to rip off the gloomy kid, Sayama's mask. After that day, he had captured Saikawa's attention and Saikawa had volunteered to teach him for the upcoming examination but with one condition, Saikawa can do whatever he wants with what is hiding under Sayama's mask. He hates it when people touch his bare face, lips and inside his mouth, but he cannot say anything when Saikawa touches them. With the combination between Saikawa's harassment and the awkward mask boy's behavior, this manga will be packed with sexual tension between these two.(Source: Libre, translated)A new cast of characters take on the continued battle between good and evil. Ginga, our hero, and his group of loyal friends take on a dangerous group called the Dark Nebula. The Dark Nebula’s sole mission is to take over the world and unleash their evil upon it; but before they can do so, they must destroy Ginga as he is the only person that’s strong enough to stand in their way. The plot thickens as friends become enemies and enemies become allies. Everything starts and ends with Ginga as he struggles to find the strength to defend his world and the honor of Beyblade.(Source: Beyblade.com)Kaede is a normal school girl who was studying for her exams for school when suddenly she is interrupted by Shinobu, a girl who is a ninja-in-training, attempting to complete her exam. The problem is, in order for her to successfully complete her exam, she must steal one of Kaede's panties!In Kaede's attempt to stop Shinobu from stealing her panties, an unexpected friendship is forged between the two. Kaede soon becomes engrossed in Shinobu's world, surrounded by partying ninjas and a yellow pac-man like thing by the name of Onsokumaru, who claims to be the master of all ninjas![Written by MAL Rewrite]No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.In the wake of Ren Amamiya's apparent suicide, the other members of the Phantom Thieves are heartbroken and without purpose. As Sae Niijima rushes over to Cafe Leblanc, she brings the team a shocking revelation that spurs them to pull off one more spectacular heist. The hardened warriors of the metaverse make one last attempt to prove to the world that they fight for justice, and to bring down their teammate turned traitor, Gorou Akechi. Watch them closely, or they might just steal your heart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Serebii, a Legendary Pokémon known for its ability to traverse time, is hunted by an unnamed Pokémon poacher seeking to capture it. Yukinari, a young Pokémon trainer who enjoys drawing portraits of Pokémon, tries to protect Serebii after it stumbles upon him; but in the middle of its escape, both vanish without a trace.Forty years later, ambitious Pokémon trainer Satoshi hopes to sight rare Pokémon around his local area. White, a boat driver, takes Satoshi to his village. Satoshi is accompanied by his three closest friends: Takeshi, a former gym leader training to be a great Pokémon breeder; Kasumi, a young girl wanting to become a skilled Water-type trainer; and Pikachu, Satoshi's Pokémon partner and first comrade.Meanwhile, Yukinari and Serebii reappear in Satoshi's present time and run into his group. Masked Lord Vicious, the strongest executive staff member of Team Rocket, desires to capture Serebii. Using the Dark Ball, a variant of Monster Ball that corrupts the Pokémon caught within and draws out their maximum power, Vicious can transform innocent Pokémon into powerful and frightening obstacles—including Serebii itself! Placed in a tough position, Satoshi, Yukinari, and their friends must work together to defeat Vicious and save Serebii and themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]"Stride"—an extreme sport that combines parkour, free running, relay, and sprinting—is what made first year high school student Nana Sakurai enroll in Honan Academy, after being captivated by the school's stride team. Sharing the mutual intention of joining the team is fellow first year and stride maniac, Takeru Fujiwara, and together they request to join. Much to their dismay, however, the stride club is no longer active due to lack of members, and they are now operating under the shogi club.In order to revive the stride club, Nana and Takeru recruit first year Riku Yagami—a fast runner who is interested in almost every sport. With this new team, the club now aims high at a new goal: to win the prestigious End of Summer competition, and bring the Honan stride team back to their prime.[Written by MAL Rewrite]After escaping a bus hijacking with the help of masked superhero Strange Juice, Yuuta Iridatsu finds his soul separated from his body and in the care of a perverse cat spirit, Chiranosuke. As a spirit, Yuuta wanders around his residence, the Korai House, aiming to regain his body and observe the other residents: Meika Daihatsu, a genius inventor; Mikatan Narugino, a cheerful idol; Ito Hikiotani, a shut-in NEET; and Rabura Chichibu, a spiritual medium. After catching a glimpse of Narugino's undergarments, Chiranosuke reveals to Yuuta that he becomes exponentially stronger upon seeing panties. However, if he sees another pair while he is still a spirit, his power will cause an asteroid to crash into the earth, ending the world and killing his friends.Punch Line follows Yuuta as he unravels the mysteries surrounding Korai House, its residents, and a villainous organization attempting to end the world. Will Yuuta be able to save everyone, or will the ever-present threat of panties result in their doom?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Two specials of ReLIFE: Kanketsu-hen released on mobile and later included on Blu-ray/DVD volume.In the year 1600, at the fog-covered battlefield of Sekigahara, a fierce battle was waged by two exemplary swordsmen. One was Kyoushirou Mibu, a skilled and noble warrior in possession of the unique powers of the Mibu Clan. The other was the thousand-man slayer, with eyes and hair the color of blood, "Demon Eyes" Kyou. Their legendary clash was cut short when a meteor from the heavens fell down upon that battlefield, leaving both to vanish in its wake.Samurai Deeper Kyou begins four years after that battle, when a gun-wielding bounty hunter by the name of Yuya Shiina hunts down Kyoushirou—now a perverted, traveling medicine-man who has built up a large debt. On her way to claim his bounty, they are attacked by an inhuman monster that seeks to devour Kyoushirou. This encounter awakens "Demon Eyes" Kyou, whose mind has been trapped inside of Kyoushirou's body ever since that fateful battle. Thus begins a grand tale of legendary two swordsmen and the discovery of their secrets.Documentary in which the achievement of Ernest "Black Wolf" Thompson is settled in different Episodes. Every single episode is a documentary in which one sort of Animal is described.Shamans are extraordinary individuals with the ability to communicate with ghosts, spirits, and gods, which are invisible to ordinary people. The Shaman Fight—a prestigious tournament pitting shamans from all over the world against each other—is held every five hundred years, where the winner is crowned Shaman King. This title allows the current incumbent to call upon the Great Spirit and shape the world as they see fit.Finding himself late for class one night, Manta Oyamada, an ordinary middle school student, decides to take a shortcut through the local cemetery. Noticing him, a lone boy sitting on a gravestone invites Manta to stargaze with "them." Realizing that "them" refers to the boy and his ghostly friends, Manta flees in terror. Later, the boy introduces himself as You Asakura, a Shaman-in-training, and demonstrates his powers by teaming up with the ghost of six-hundred-year-old samurai Amidamaru to save Manta from a group of thugs. You befriends Manta due to his ability to see spirits, and with the help of Amidamaru, they set out to accomplish You's goal of becoming the next Shaman King.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story takes place twenty years before Shaonian Ge Xing. Baili Dongjun, who later became the number one in the world, was still the only grandson of Zhenxihou's mansion who was loved by thousands of people. Although he has a father with peerless kung fu and a mother who is the daughter of the head of the Wen family, he is not good at martial arts and prefers to brew wine. Ten years later, the best wine can be brewed. Finally, he stole a land deed from his home and ran hundreds of miles to Chaisang City to open a wine shop. But a long street is already full of evil stars. Only he is really a young boy who is serious about making wine. Because of this, he was inexplicably involved in the disputes between the two families. On the way, he accidentally met Sikong Changfeng, a vagabond wandering around the rivers and lakes without father and mother, and Lei Mengsha, the son of Zhuo Mo, who rushed from Tianqi City, because they were grateful to each other. He decided to help Lei Mengsha rescue his good brother, Gu Jianmen, the son of Lingyun, who was trapped in his mansion. This is an era in which young talents come forth in large numbers, and no era can surpass it. Xie Xuan, who later became Confucian Sword Immortal, Yan Zhantian, who became Nujian Immortal, and Luo Qingyang, who became Lone Sword Immortal, were all still unknown at this time. They were waiting for the day when they would meet each other and then become famous all over the world.(Source: Bangumi, translated)Wangyou, Master of Hanshui Temple died mysteriously and when the news about a golden coffin spreads throughout the world, it triggered disputes between the World of Martial arts. Join a group of youths, Lei Wujie, Xiao Se, Tang Lian, Sikong Qianluo, Heavenly Maiden Rui in their adventure as the mystery of the golden coffin unravels.In the years following a vicious war, the Empire of Zol now controls the land and citizens of rival Aquafa—except for Aquafa's Fire Horse Territory, where wild dogs that once carried the deadly Black Wolf Fever continue to roam free. When a pack of dogs race through a Zol-controled mine, Van, an enslaved former soldier, and a young girl named Yuna are both bitten, but manage to escape as the sole survivors of the attack. Finally free, Van and Yuna seek out a simple, peaceful existence in the countryside. But as the deadly disease once again runs rampant, they find themselves at the crossroads of a struggle much larger than any one nation.(Source: GKIDS, edited)"I have a duty to see everything that happens. No matter how much pain and sadness there is... Because I am Spearhead's handler."86 Special Edition: Senya ni Akaku Hinageshi no Saku recaps the story told in 86 through the perspective of Vladilena "Lena" Milizé—the commander of Shinei Nouzen and the Spearhead Squadron.[Written by MAL Rewrite]1. Toki no Asase (Shoal of Time)2. Subete no Kinou (All Our Yesterdays)3. Ashita, Mata Ashita (Tomorrow and Tomorrow)Young Mabel West is the daughter of mystery writer Raymond West, who wants her to lead a normal life. Rebelling against this, Mabel wants to be a great detective, and sets out for London to become assistant to none other than Hercule Poirot, the great Belgian detective who resides there. She finally wins the reluctant approval of her father, and embarks on an exciting life of mystery and suspense—his only demand being that she occasionally spend some time with her great-aunt, Jane Marple, in the small village of St. Mary Mead.Ai yori Aoshi: Enishi - Miyuki is a 16 minute Christmas special set before the beginning of the first season. Based on manga chapters 43-44 and would also fit as episode 21.5 of the first season.Confined in the castle tower by her father, princess Arete spends her days watching the world outside her window. Sometimes she seeks out to watch the common people at work. The knights of the kingdom compete for the right to marry her and rule the land by competing to see who can find powerful magic objects made by a long dead race of sorcerers. Arete wants none of this. She longs to meet the common people and travel to exotic lands she has only seen in the books she keeps hidden under her bed. One day the sorcerer Boax arrives in a fantastic flying machine and offers to take Arete as his wife and transform her into a proper princess.(Source: ANN)In the medieval kingdom of Pars, young Prince Arslan confronts the hostility of his father and the disinterest of his mother, and yearns to learn more about the world. Despite being surrounded by poverty and slavery, Arslan persists in seeing the possibility of a nobler world. Everything changes when the neighboring nation of Lusitania invades Pars, and Arslan is forced to grow up in an instant.Arslan Senki follows Prince Arslan to war, where he struggles to save his nation and family with the help of a small but devoted circle of advisers. Along the way the young prince finds secrets around every corner and faces enemies who hate him because of what he is, but also finds friends where he least expects them. The story of nations at war, Arslan Senki is also the story of one boy's quest to stay himself in the most trying of circumstances.There's a new natural hot spring in Orario thanks to the Dian Cecht Familia, but Naaza of the Miach Familia suspects an elaborate con and needs help to prove it. What does that mean for Bell since he's in the wrong place at the wrong time? It means getting caught in the middle of an ongoing rivalry between two Familias. Again.(Source: ANN)Character Stage Greeting Manner Special's shown before main movie. Later included on the movie Blu-ray and DVD release.As a spirited young girl, Yohane ventured into the big city with ambitious dreams of becoming a star. Two years later, she has yet to pass a single audition. Since Yohane cannot support herself alone, her mother invites her back home to discover something new that only she can do. With limited options and an empty wallet, Yohane reluctantly returns to Numazu, her hometown.In the seaside town, Yohane reunites with her canine companion, Lailaps, and slowly settles in, opening a fortune-telling shop. She reconnects with old friends she had forgotten and meets new ones, all of whom help in her search for a unique purpose and meaningful path in life.Unfortunately, all is not well for Yohane and the people of Numazu: a mysterious power is affecting the town and disrupting nature and wildlife. While forging stronger bonds with her newfound allies, Yohane devotes her summer to finding the magic that may help save Numazu.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short specials added to Blu-ray/DVD volumes.Following the Heath Oslo incident, the existence of the US-Japanese anti-terror organization CIRS has become a matter of public knowledge. CIRS has been rebuilt from the ground up, and its most covert functions spun off to a new agency: SORD (Social Ops, Research & Development).The goal of SORD is to train a new generation of operatives to defend the country against future threats. To that end, the organization has established a series of schools up and down the country. Mihama Academy, more-or-less left to rot after its abrupt closure, has been given new purpose as one such 'specialist training school'.This new incarnation of Mihama Academy is home to a diverse group of students, who every day work to polish their unusual skills – sometimes on the job. Mihama now entrusts the misfit girls who attend it with guns and live ammunition.Paying their own safety no heed, these students are again and again plunged into dangerous extrajudicial missions - all for the good of the realm."We've been provided with a place in the world. That alone isn't enough - there wouldn't be any meaning in living, if that was all we had... It's not enough just to be made use of by others. I live by my own strength, and I fight to survive. That's the only way those of us who actually make it through can find forgiveness..."No matter how much life grinds them down, what future awaits these girls, who've themselves chosen the path of the gun?(Source: Kickstarter)While Rena and Maki recover from their injuries, the other SORD members jet off overseas for a school trip. Within moments of their arrival, though, the Mihama gang are pulled into a manhunt for a SORD deserter, assisted by student Sylvia and Velvet of St. Aile's International School. Tohka's the star of the show this time round, but she's wrestling with her own issues - old memories of her parents, and a promise to a friend that she wasn't able to keep...(Source: Frontwing)The story follows Benio "Haikara-san" Hanamura, who lost her mother when she was very young and has been raised by her father, a high-ranking official in the Japanese army. As a result, she has grown into a tomboy. Contrary to traditional Japanese notions of femininity, she studies kendo, drinks sake, dresses in often outlandish-looking Western fashions instead of the traditional kimono, and is not as interested in housework as she is in literature. She also rejects the idea of arranged marriages and believes in a woman's right to a career and to marry for love.(Source: ANN)Episode 14.5In the city of Judoh, Claire Leonelli has inherited leadership of the Mafia group "Vampire" following the death of his father. To keep Claire's and other criminal activities in check, the city's Bureau of Urban Safety has Special Services Division operative Daisuke Aurora and the super android codenamed "J" (whose identity is apparently kept in secrecy, as androids are banned in the city). With both of them around, crime now has little room to breathe in Judoh.(Source: ANN)Objects falling from space have reduced Jinbouchou to ruins. Jashin-chan, guided by the stars, heads south to defeat Yurine Hanazono, the ruler of this violent town. When she arrives in Takamori, at the foot of the beautiful Aso mountain range, she finds...(Source: MAL News)A large collection consisting of the adventures of the Goddesses featured in the anime and manga series Ah My Goddess. Parodies of other works, and a large number of jokes pervade this series of shorts in which the Goddesses torture and hang out with their friend Gan the rat. Kohane Hatoya’s most lovable trait is also her greatest flaw. She loves to help others no matter how far she has to go in order to get the job done. Her biggest inspiration to do so comes to light when she sees what cheerleading looks like for the first time in middle school. Now a highschooler but as enthusiastic as ever, Kohane wants nothing more than to start her very own cheerleading squad. She's encouraged by her best friend, Uki Sawatari, who often has to help her get out of trouble.There is just one problem: Kohane does not have any experience in cheerleading. She has absolutely no idea what to do, what to wear, or how to perform. To make matters worse, she has been scared of heights since childhood, and this new sport is full of stunts pulled far from the ground for a girl her size. Enter Hizume Arima, a former cheerleader who wishes to leave her pastime behind. Unfortunately for her, Kohane recognizes Hizume, and will stop at nothing just so she can lead the new squad, even if it means facing her childhood fear.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Natsume Tomoharu is a normal high-school student in every way with one exception: he's being followed by the ghost of his best friend, Misao.After moving into his brother's old house, Tomoharu expects to continue living his normal life but is one day left with a mysterious and locked briefcase without any instruction. At first he plans to leave it in storage; however, his house is soon invaded by multiple groups of people after the briefcase. Although still not knowing the purpose of the briefcase, Tomoharu and Misao attempt to escape with it.From there on, Tomoharu tries to learn the secrets behind the briefcase, the connections between it and Misao, and why it has the power to change the world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Modern Germany is plagued by an outbreak of "Amalgams." Existing solely to wreak havoc, these cybernetic entities spawn from rotting flesh and can fuse with technology to gain new abilities. With society left in the wake of their destruction, the Xenogenesis Assault Team (XAT) is formed to suppress the threat. Alongside its primary mission to protect against the Amalgam attacks, the organization is also researching the newly discovered "amalgamated" humans which possess rational thought and are far deadlier than their non-sentient counterparts.Joseph Jobson is one such amalgamated human who has full control over his powers. Although successful in his line of work as a lone warrior, an unfortunate encounter with the recently-turned-Amalgam Gerd Frentzen makes him a priority target of the XAT. As he eludes the organization and seeks new allies, Joseph is transformed into the Blassreiter—a being heralded as the strongest Amalgam in existence. Now, he must fight back with his newfound powers to uncover the truth behind not only his past, but also the entire Amalgam conflict.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on a story by Otomo (Katsuhiro), it's about a ragtag group of hard-talkin', power suit-wearin' men tasked with disarming automatic tanks in a post-apocalyptic Tokyo.(Source: Crunchyroll)Four months after the battle at Nagoya Castle, Yu-yu and friends received an invitation to a tournament.That "Deluxe" tournament aims to determine the strongest fighter, bringing together both "Front Fighters" who are active in official tournaments, and hidden powerhouse "Counter Fighters" like "Blackout" that compete against each other for flags.The existing characters from overDress will be competing with new characters from will+Dress such as Raika, Michiru, and Urara, to become the strongest of them all!(Source: Official Site)The Carrot Military Service special unit, Cat Shit One, is an elite private military fighting force. Members Perkins and Botasky are stationed in the Middle East to conduct reconnaissance on an insurgent base where hostages are being held. However, things quickly escalate when the enemies kill a hostage and mercilessly torture another. Realizing that they cannot wait for their requested backup to arrive, the vastly outnumbered pair of rabbit mercenaries decide to rescue the captives themselves.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The story concerns Gauche, a professional cellist. During rehearsals for a performance, he is scolded by the conductor because his playing is not good enough. His timing is off and he seems to have no "feel" for the music.Gauche returns to his lonely cottage and starts practicing. Then a cat enters who tricks him into understanding the inner meaning of the music. The importance of practice is shown by a cuckoo, rhythm by a badger and tenderness by a mouse. In four days he learns the true meaning and feeling of music and develops into a great musician.Laced with popular classical music this special combines fun and inspiration for all ages and audiences.(Source: AnimeNfo, edited) Sawada Honoka is a 14-year-old girl who is very timid. She easily gets bullied by other classmates. Honoka is a non-believer in God, Angels, and Devils. Though one day, a devil baby was dropped into her room while she was sleeping. What will Honoka believe in now?(Source: PocketScans)Shiratori Nagisa is a pink haired singing idol, continually badgered by her father to find new disciples for the family dojo. In an attempt to gain free-time as a normal kid, she cuts her hair and cross-dresses as a high-school boy. "Ootori Nagisa" enrolls in a run-down school, falling in love with a rival school's gang leader, Nosaka Akira. She soon finds out Nosaka-kun is a fan of Nagisa - The Idol. Keeping up the charade, they manage to sneak time together. Rivals for Nagisa's affection, BOTH their dojo-running fathers, as well as martial artist animals and an up-in-coming Idol conspire to make thier lives a complicated as possible.(Source: ANN)A comical fantasy adventure on a fight against invaders from another world. The ruler of dark world "Don Kurai," Dark, plots to dominate the human world. There is a legend about three treasures and a hero in Don Kurai, and Dark takes over one of the three treasures, a bell of copper, but a man sent other two treasures (a spear of gold and a shield of silver) to the human world. Shinnosuke falls into Dark's trap and opens the door between the human world and Don Kurai, but he becomes the hero selected by the spear of gold. With the power of a girl from Don Kurai, Mata Tami, the Nohara Family transform into various things and fight against Dark.(Source: Manabu Tsuribe)No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.After Suneo bragged about having a ranch, Nobita was asked whether or not he has one, pressuring him to say yes. Doraemon won a number of lotteries for useless planets in the belt between Mars and Jupiter. When Suneo and the rest came to see the ranch, Nobita happened to read the last of the lottery number to the go-anywhere-door, leading them to a huge dreamlike area. As Nobita's toy horse pranced around because of the wind-up life gadget, Suneo and the others became interested in doing the same to their toys and let them live in the area. So they decided to make their own clockwork city. (Source: ANN) In the town of Nagarekawa, Nanako Usami, an ordinary high school girl, is approached by her uncle to become a local idol or "Locodol," partnering with upperclassman Yukari Kohinata to form the idol unit, Nagarekawa Girls. As the girls use their talent to promote Nagarekawa and their businesses, they are joined by Yui Mikoze, who acts as the local mascot, and Mirai Nazukari, who serves as Yui's substitute.(Source: Wikipedia)Ryo, Gawl and Koji are 3 young boys who travel back into the past with only 1 objective: change history. In their time they discover that their country, Kubere, uses genetically enhanced persons called generators as a military tool. These generators are the cause for the Third War which kills most of the human population. Now Koji, Ryo and Gawl are there to change all the events. (Source: ANN) Bad Luck's lead singer and lyricist, Shindou Shuichi, is a total wreck. With deadlines for the band's next album looming, the pressure is on, but the normally energetic Shuichi has become listless and fallen into a writing slump. It's all because Yuki - the great love of his life - has suddenly become cold and distant. Depressed and anxious, Shuichi doesn't want to think about lyrics - he just wants to know how to get Yuki to talk to him!Now, thanks to Shuichi's big mouth bragging to the press about how talented he is, the band can't even hire someone else to write the lyrics for them. If they don't manage to break Shuichi out of his slump soon, it could mean the end of Bad Luck for good! (Source: RightStuf) In 2019, following an uprising in the USA and a subsequent global nuclear war, humanity was decimated by a catastrophe called "The Maelström." A half-century after this cataclysmic event—to preserve humankind—the World Health Organization (WHO) has progressively assimilated worldwide political power and completely redefined society: people are now considered public resources and are guaranteed a happier life. The heightened development of medicine, nanomachine technology, and augmented reality promote this greater devotion to human health.Suffocated by the excessive kindness of Japanese society, high school student Miach Mihie decides to oppose the societal values she considers dehumanizing before the health implant surveillance system WatchMe activates itself the day she turns 18. Miach plans to kill herself with two of her friends, Tuan Kirie and Cian Reikadou. However, Cian betrays the pact in disagreement with Miach's intentions, allowing Tuan to survive her suicide attempt, unlike Miach, who is declared dead.Thirteen years later, now a high-ranking inspector of Helix—an organization affiliated with WHO to monitor military conflicts—Tuan is sent back to Japan after her drug smuggling activities in the Niger warzone are discovered by senior Helix inspector Oscar Stauffenberg. On her first day back to the country she tried running away from, thousands of people simultaneously commit suicide. Tuan is now in charge of investigating this wave of mass suicide and exposing the terrorist organization behind the unprecedented attack.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Golion, a powerful sentient robot, abuses his great powers by attacking and killing creatures known as Deathblack Beastmen, boasting that no one could defeat him. A divine space being punishes Golion for his arrogance and abuse by seperating him into 5 different lion robots. In the year 1999, a group of 5 young men return to Earth after a space voyage, only to find it ravaged by nuclear war. After encountering the alien race known as the Galra, the 5 youths end up on the planet Altea, and learn that the 5 lion robots that Golion was split into are in hibernation in various parts of Altea. Somehow, they must reunite the lions and form Golion, the only hope for the human race.(Source: ANN)About Voltron (U.S.)The moment of reckoning has arrived as the illustrious Football Frontier International is finally underway. After winning the national Football Frontier, the newly assembled Raimon Junior High School soccer team awaits the announcement of Inazuma Japan—the team of players who will represent Japan at the international tournament. Asuto Inamori, along with the "Demon of the Field" Ryouhei Haizaki and the "Emperor of the Pitch" Yuuma Nosaka, quickly realize that they are up against forces far greater and more powerful than they anticipated.In Inazuma Eleven: Orion no Kokuin, mysterious powers are at play within the tournament that threatens to alter the course of history and the game of soccer itself. With the help of their cunning coach Zhao Jinyun and the inexplicable newcomer Ichihoshi Mitsuru, Inazuma Japan must defend the world of soccer in their most difficult challenge yet.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The characters from Ranma 1/2, Urusei Yatsura, and Inuyasha all gather together in a short crossover to introduce the 50th Anniversary Weekly Shonen Sunday "Rumic World" Museum opening, celebrating Rumiko Takahashi's manga work.Living in the wreckage of a rusty old airplane on the shimmering shores of South Island, Sonic the Hedgehog and his buddy Miles "Tails" Prower have not a care in the world. The president of Planet Freedom urgently summons the duo, but trouble is afoot when Sonic and Tails instead find the good-for-nothing Dr. Eggman lounging about his office as if it were his own.While Sonic would prefer to scramble Eggman and move on with his day, the doctor claims not to have new plans for world domination. He instead pleads for help: the generator powering Eggman's home city of Eggmanland has been hijacked and overloaded by a mysterious menace. If left unattended, it will explode, taking both Eggman and Sonic's homes with it.Reluctantly agreeing on the off chance Eggman is telling the truth, Sonic and Tails set out into the abyss—where an unknown yet uncannily familiar enemy lies in wait.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Fifth season of Strike the Blood.After two-month-old kitten Chibi-neko is abandoned by her former owners, she is found by 18-year-old Tokio. Although his mother is allergic to cats and has a great fear of them, she agrees to let him keep the kitten because she fears he is becoming too withdrawn after failing his university entrance exams. Chibi-neko soon falls in love with Tokio.In her own mind, Chibi-neko is a small human who speaks in human words, although people only ever seem to hear her meow, and she believes that all humans were once kittens like her. A stray cat tells Chibi-neko of a paradise called Cottonland, where dreams can come true.(Source: Wikipedia)A manner movie aired before the Youjo Senki Movie. Done in the chibi art style of Youjo Shenki and Isekai Quartet, Tanya and her battalion tell the viewers to refrain from improper theater etiquette such as using phones during the film, talking, and smoking. The manner movie was later included on the DVD/BD release of the film.The card game "Duel Monsters" has become all the rage in Domino City. The rules are simple: two players, known as "Duelists," fight each other with the monster cards they have collected in their decks and deduct Life Points. Each Duelist starts with a total of two thousand Life Points, and whoever loses all of them first is defeated in the battle.One day, a timid boy named Shougo Aoyama buys a deck that contains the "Red Eyes Black Dragon," a legendary card said to bring victory to those courageous enough to fight. Soon, word of the card in Shougo's hands begins to spread, eventually reaching the competitive Duelist Seto Kaiba. Desiring to collect the strongest cards in any way possible, Kaiba invites Shougo and his rival Yuugi Mutou to a Duel Monsters tournament—but will Shougo be able to overcome his fear of losing?[Written by MAL Rewrite]One night, university student Souta meets a girl he has never met before. Yuki, who claims to have been saved by Souta in the past, seems to know nothing about outside world, from shopping to holding a fork. There is also something curious about her. She is extremely afraid of getting her skin touched. The curious life of the strange girl changes little by little.There are men who seek to capture Yuki.  It is said that Yuki has a power which holds the fate of the world, and they want her to sacrifice herself for the world. What is the power within Yuki? Why does she refuse to be touched? At last, Yuki reveals to Souta her hidden truth.In Shinjuku ward's east side lies Kabukichou, a vibrant city of chaos that glows brilliantly with neon lights but also hides unseen darkness. Employed at a university hospital on the west side, John H. Watson is looking for someone who can assist him with an odd case. His search leads him to the Pipe Cat, an underground bar that serves as a meetup venue and job board for some of the best detectives in Shinjuku, the most prominent among them being Sherlock Holmes.Upon finding the bar and meeting the peculiar investigators, John learns that they are pursuing a case involving Jack the Ripper, an infamous serial killer. Due to subsequent events, John ends up driving Sherlock to the crime scene of a murder supposedly carried out by Jack the Ripper. Even though John is only there to enlist Sherlock's help with his case, he witnesses Sherlock brilliantly uncover the truth behind the crime scene. However, he begins to realize that Sherlock is not only a genius detective but also an eccentric character.As John continues to request Sherlock to assist him with his case, he finds himself spiraling into the detective lifestyle of solving cases beyond the minds of ordinary civilians. Through this work, John begins to see the true colors of the chaotic city that is Kabukichou and starts to unravel the unsettling mystery behind his own case.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Short prologue OVA, bundled with manga volume vol.10.Elsie receives from Dokurou Skull, hell's branch chief of "counter measures", the task to go on earth and capture evil spirits that have escaped from hell. Second season of KasuminA story of a rat family who have to leave their home because humans start a construction site. Now the rats are searching for a place to stay.Bullied by his classmate and popular Newtube streamer Pakgo, Yoo Hobin spends his high school days suffering from humiliation and abuse. His troubles do not end there, though; outside of school, Hobin slaves away at a part-time job to pay for his mother's hospital bills. One day, Hobin accidentally spills ramen on Pakgo's cameraman Woo "Jiksae" Jihyeok, tripping over a cord and disconnecting the other boy from his gaming stream. Finally fed up with his miserable lifestyle, Hobin fights back and ends up in a pathetic brawl with Jiksae.The next morning, it is revealed that the camera from Jiksae's stream had been recording the two boys' entire embarrassing fight. Moreover, the footage was accidentally uploaded to Newtube and had gone viral overnight, earning Hobin a whopping ten million won from viewership.Drawn to the money Newtube streaming can offer him and his mother, Hobin works together with unlikely ally Jiksae to produce more videos of him fighting and see how far Newtube streaming can take them. Taking on bullies like Pakgo and other seemingly unsurpassable opponents, Hobin will either rise to the top of the streaming world or finally meet a foe he cannot outsmart.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a fateful childhood encounter, Mira Kinohata met a stargazing dreamer named Ao Manaka. Though their time together was short, Ao showed Mira the wonders of astronomy, from orbiting planets to distant stars. Before they parted, Mira learned that a star with her name exists, but there are none with Ao's. And so, she forged a promise: one day, she would discover a new asteroid and name it after Ao.Years later, Mira is still fascinated with astronomy. Now in high school at Hoshizaki Academy, she tries to join the Astronomy Club. Unfortunately, she finds out that the club has been merged with the Geology Club to form a single Earth Sciences Club. She joins this new club and finds a pleasant surprise—she reunites with Ao after years of separation.Alongside their new clubmates, Mira and Ao begin their journey together to fulfill their promise. How hard could it possibly be to find an asteroid?[Written by MAL Rewrite]1. Oniichan Daaisuki♥2. Mirai no Akarui Ikkakusenkin Keikaku3. 20-dai Joshi, Koi Ooki Otoshigoro4. Idol e no Michi!5. Pajama Party6. Gasshuku ni Ikou!7. Haha Kara no TegamiNarrated recap of the first season of Love Live! Sunshine!!. Aired a week prior to the start of the second season.Meme, a very cute and strange creature, is this leading character of this series.One day Meme comes out of a computer and meets Daisuke and Sayaka.Meme guides the kids throughout his world, where they meet world-famous scientists, inventors and scholars such as Galileo, Pasteur, Kepler, and many more.This series is not only highly entertaining for children and the entire family but is also very interesting and educational.(Source: AnimeNfo)It is the year 1995. Earth has been conquered by an alien army from the Saar cluster known as the Akron. The cities of Earth have been destroyed, and the remaining survivors live in harsh shanty towns and villages. Kento, a war orphan, hides within a cave along with his companions in order to escape some bandits. In the cave, they find the secret base of Dr. Earl, who was an inhabitant of the planet Helios, a planet conquered by the Akron. Dr. Earl then fled to Earth, bringing with him the greatest achievement in Helian technology: the super robot Daltanius, whose power is increased when combined with the intelligent lion robot, Beralios. Dr. Earl entrusts the fight for Earth to Kenta, who happens to be a descendant from the long disappeared Helian royal line.(Source: Wikipedia)After being deserted by her parents, 11-year-old Miyori shuts her heart from the rest of the world and denies any form of human relationships. She was entrusted in the care of her grandmother who lives near a forest. Miyori will take a walk in the forest where she felt a strong sense of loneliness in the forest which seems to have nothing. However, she soon encounters unbelievable things and gradually realizes that the forest is more than what it seems...(Source: ANN)Global political figures such as The Pope, Kim Jong Il, George W. Bush and recent Japanese Prime Ministers play riichi mahjong against each other.Very little changes in Kenji Seki's daily routine. Every morning, he takes his dog to the beach in the hopes of catching a glimpse of his classmate, Kahori Harukawa, while she surfs. Afterward, he meets up with his neighbor and childhood friend, Natsuki Suzuura, and they walk to school. In essence, he lives an idyllic life where the only thing he has to worry about is how to finally confess his feelings to Kahori. The routineness of Kenji's life is interrupted by the arrival of a mysterious transfer student. Ryouichi Kyougoku, who claims to be a psychic, has both the charisma and popularity that Kenji has always dreamed of. Before long, Kahori begins to show feelings for Ryouichi, and Natsuki becomes distant whenever Kenji tries to talk about his feelings.As Kenji's life is thrown into disarray, how will Ryouichi's arrival impact those around him? Nerawareta Gakuen follows these formerly typical high schoolers as they become involved with the supernatural.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In the follow up to Shirow's classic anime, Al, Leona and their trusty steed, Bonaparte, continue to fight crime in New Port City, alongside the rest of the Tank Police. But a new threat appears in the form of a series of terrorist attacks, using the latest weapons technology. The Tank Police are out-numbered and out-gunned, but Al and Leona set out to discover who or what is behind these attacks. With massive explosions and high-speed chases, Leona often causes more damage than the criminals she pursues.(Source: ANN)The "Noblesse" Cadis Etrama di Raizel, also known as "Rai," is enrolled in Ye Ran High School by his servant Frankenstein to stay hidden from the sights of the Union, a mysterious organization out for Rai's blood. Rai commences his life as a student, making himself familiar with his classmates and the daily activities of humans. However, his new life is far from peaceful, and Rai is soon forced to save his new friends from the hands of the Union that had abducted them.Meanwhile, M-21—a Union agent gone rogue during Rai's rescue operation—joins the Ye Ran High School security staff after a proposition by the school's director, who happens to be none other than Frankenstein himself. On the surface, M-21 is a prim and proper employee, but in truth he is shackled by his former ties to the Union and the inevitable consequences of betraying the organization.To further complicate matters, Nobles Regis K. Landegre and Seira J. Loyard enroll in the same school to investigate the Noblesse. While the Union conducts a manhunt for M-21 to extract clues regarding their missing agents, Rai is forced to keep his identity hidden while protecting all that he holds dear.[Written by MAL Rewrite]A blog disproving the supernatural, co-run by NEET teenager Yuuta Gamon and his enthusiastic best friend Ryouka Narusawa, becomes the catalyst that would bring together a group of people who supposedly have nothing to do with each other.These individuals include high school fortune teller Miyuu Aikawa, who joins Yuuta to work on the blog; realist Sarai Hashigami, who is stunned when tragedy strikes his family; doujin artist Ririka Nishizono, who has an uncanny ability to predict the future with her art; black magic practitioner and local curse expert Aria Kurenaino and her ghostly friend; Shun Moritsuka, a seemingly childish otaku detective; and reporter Touko Sumikaze.As this unlikely group, bound only by the strings of fate, find their way to each other, they are confronted with murder and other events that are shrouded by the presence of the supernatural. They must band together to solve the mysteries interlacing the city and their lives.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The legendary Renegade Pokémon, Giratina, encounters the Temporal Pokémon Dialga by a lake and successfully manages to drag Dialga into its home—an alternate dimension separate from the normal world. But a small green Pokémon gets gotten dragged in as well—and though it somehow escapes, Dialga uses this opportunity to escape as well after preventing Giratina from chasing after it.After accidentally ruining Satoshi and his friends' picnic, the green Pokémon is taken to the Pokémon Center where it is treated for injuries and introduced as Shaymin, the mythical Gratitude Pokémon. Using telepathy, Shaymin demands that Satoshi, Hikari, and Takeshi take it somewhere. But before they can find out where to go, the group find themselves being pursued by both Giratina and a strange man named Zero—both in search of little Shaymin! Will Satoshi and his friends be able to find Shaymin's desired place while keeping themselves out of danger?[Written by MAL Rewrite]A special included in the Eiga Yes! Precure 5 GoGo! Okashi no Kuni no Happy Birthday movie.It has been one year since Tsukune Aono enrolled at Youkai Academy, and since then his life has taken an interesting turn. In addition to being the only human at a school for monsters, he has attracted a bevy of beautiful women who want him all for themselves: the sexy succubus Kurumu Kurono; Yukari Sendou, a witch; stalker and yuki-onna Mizore Shirayuki; and Moka Akashiya, a kind vampire who, when her rosary is removed, reveals a darker personality.But soon, trouble visits Youkai Academy in the form of Moka's younger sister, Kokoa Shuzen. She is furious that her "true older sister" is sealed within Moka's rosary, and vows to bring out Moka's darker self. However, Kokoa's thoughtless actions may affect more than just her sister...[Written by MAL Rewrite]The series follows the adventures of Sabu, a young Edo bakufu investigator traveling with the blind master swordsman Ichi. In their travels, they assist the common people in solving mysteries and righting wrongs (usually committed by bandits or corrupt officials). Sabu is engaged to Midori, the daughter of his boss, who works as a police officer for the Tokugawa shogunate.(Source: Wikipedia)Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style. Bundled with Blu-ray/DVD volumes 3 to 6 of the anime.Second TV (flash animated) series of Keroro Gunsou.I'm Usami Ichika! Myself and the others all decided to take part in a famous sweets contest that's to be held in France♪ But Ciel doesn't seem like herself...so making sweets and transforming into a Cure don't go so well for her!At the contest venue, we meet a pâtissier called Jean-Pierre. Hang on! This is the same man who taught Ciel how to cook in Paris! Ah! I just had a bright idea☆Ciel should create a memory filled-sweet called "Mille-feuille" together with Jean for the contest! With that all decided, let's・la・cooking...well, that's what I thought until a mysterious monster attacks the pâtissier! We also find out that Paris is hiding the realest sweet ever!? What is going on~~~!? (Source: Precure Wiki)Being asked to work as a voice actress at a game company might not be so bad, unless you are Kanna Aoyagi. On her 16th birthday, her older sister Yayoi guilts Kanna into doing voice work for her at Blue March, a game company that specializes in eroge: erotic games with lots of sexual content. Sweet and innocent, Kanna has no idea how she can possibly succeed at such an occupation when she has no sexual experience. But as she plays eroge for research, uses her vivid imagination, and receives unorthodox help from her coworkers, Kanna slowly becomes more comfortable with her new, embarrassing profession.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Years ago there was an underground match between Pro Wrestling and Nanshin Shadow Stlye (a secret and deadly form of martial arts) to see which form of martial arts was dominant, The Nanshin Shadow style came out victorious in the battle. Now in the present, the man who was defending Pro-Wrestling is back and is out to destroy Nanshin Shadow style in any way he can; however, it is now up to Kiichi, the son of the previous victor to defend the name of Nanshin Shadow style and it is his job to keep it from being completely erased from existance.(Source: ANN)Three talented students of a technical high school, Daisaku, Tetsuya and Hotaru create award-winning robots as part of a school competition. At this time, the evil Derinja race that plans control of all space extends its ambitions to Earth. To combat this threat, Hotaru's father, Professor Mizuki, takes the three robots and modifies them for battle. Albegas, a super robot, is born. (Source: Wikipedia)Rinne Rokudou has bigger problems than going to school—namely, helping spirits pass over to the next life. Because of this responsibility, he often finds himself short on money and struggles to buy his necessities: food, clothes, and exorcism tools.Sakura Mamiya has been able to see ghosts since she was little. She hoped she would outgrow it, but even after starting high school, nothing has changed. To make matters worse, the first time her ever-absent classmate, Rinne, shows up for school, only Sakura can see him. She assumes, as anyone would, that he is a ghost. However, to Sakura's surprise, Rinne proceeds to attend school like normal the next day. Kyoukai no Rinne chronicles Sakura's journey as she learns of Rinne's true nature and the existence of a hidden supernatural world.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In Beijing, a city full of opportunities and pressures where modernity and traditional culture echo each other, the small pavilion located in a quiet alley at the foot of the CBD is the gathering place where various elements collide and ferment. It has no eye-catching signs and luxurious decoration, making it easy to overlook it when passing by. But familiar guests know that in this small warm space, you can unload the fatigue of the day and enjoy a comfortable time. As a result, there are many dusty stories in everyone's heart quietly flowing out.A big dream and a young man determined to change the status quo and work hard to create a new world. The rare and precious treasures, the martial arts, and the lost strong caves, in this era of genius, full of challenges and opportunities. See the adventure of how the Lord lost the mainland and became the supreme Emperor of the storm. The former enemy, now, will never let go! The regret in the dream, now, must make up! When the spirit sword shouts, the heavens and the earth, I am the supreme!(Source: Anilist)Lupin has become a suspect in the murder of a professor named Theo Argent. The professor had just discovered the missing page of Marco Polo's Record of Observations of the East travel journal. As Lupin is being pursued by the police, he ends up getting unlikely help from the granddaughter of Theo Argent, Lisa. (Source: ANN) Extra shorts that come after each episode. This entry also includes the Mai Hime vs. Mai Otome - "Moe"? The Greatest Battle! episode.Minami joins her High School baseball team as a team manager after finding out that her best friend Yuuki is in the hospital and can't be a team manager any more.  In order to try to fill in for Yuuki and to help out the team the best she can, she goes out to find a book on how to manage a baseball team.  Unfortunately, she accidentally buys Peter Drucker's book called "Management: Tasks, Responsibilities, Practices" which is actually about how to properly manage a business.  Because she couldn't return the book, she decides to read it anyway and to try to apply the business management concepts to the baseball team so that way they can go on and win the Nationals.In a tumultuous effort, the Sunagakure ninjas attempt to repel an unforeseen invasion of mysterious armored warriors on the Land of Wind. Shortly afterwards, the same armored troops led by Temujin—a skilled knight of impressive power—ambush Naruto Uzumaki, Sakura Haruno, and Shikamaru Nara, who are on a mission to recover a lost ferret. Naruto and Temujin engage in a fierce fight that ends with both of them falling off a cliff.Taken aback by their friend's sudden misfortune, Sakura and Shikamaru witness yet another alarming development: a massive moving structure appears out of nowhere, ravaging any trees and rocks in its path. While Sakura sets off to find Naruto, Shikamaru infiltrates the imposing fortress in hopes of learning more about the critical situation. Entangled in a relentless conflict, the Konohagakure ninjas join forces with their Sunagakure counterparts to defeat the common enemy. However, amidst the turmoil, a clash between two different visions of an ideal world emerges.[Written by MAL Rewrite]While Satoshi continues on his quest to become the best, many others will experience their own unique journey through the Pokémon world—researchers, professors, Gym Leaders, Team Rocket members, Trainers, and even Pokémon. Some are familiar faces and others are strangers at first, but what they all have in common is a love of adventure—especially when it involves Pokémon!(Source: Official site)A prequel set one day before the events of the Promare film.Nemeses—powerful and mysterious demonic entities that fall from the sky and vaporize anything they touch. The only ones who can combat these creatures are Sorcerers, those who have survived an encounter with a Nemesis but were infected in the process.Seth, a Sorcerer from Pompo Hills, sets out on an adventure to exterminate all these Nemeses. Accompanying him are Doc and Mélie, fellow Sorcerers who share his ideal. Their main objective is to bring about a world where Sorcerers are no longer persecuted for being infected, and to that end, desire to destroy the source of the Nemeses themselves: the mythical Radiant.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The Earth lies darkened and deserted. Despite the best efforts of the film's heroine, Hikaru, the evil-filled castle of Cephiro has taken over the world and stands in the center of a lifeless Tokyo. Before the ice-witch Alcyone can take her revenge on Hikaru, she is rescued by Lantis, a young man who seals her into a magical maze where she is challenged to prove her powers while her friends are hunted down by Cephiro's warlocks. Fleeing through the silent city, Umi and Fuu must seek out the sleeping Mashin; godlike creatures that will fuse with them to form giant warriors of awesome destructive power. But the Magic Knights are afraid, untrained and alone... will even the Mashin be enough to save them from the evil acts of Cephiro?(Source: AniDB)In northern Europe, the reincarnation of Odin, Dolbar, rules supreme. One day, Hyoga rescues a man in Siberia so warns him about trouble in the Asgard. Athena goes out to investigate and sends Hyoga in advance but when she and the others arrive at the Asgard, Hyoga is nowhere to be found. When Dolbar captures Athena to take control of the sanctuary, the bronze saints try to help her but are attacked by the God Warriors.(Source: ANN)It is the 1920s, and Japan is under attack by demonic invaders. The government has designed sturdy, albeit steam-powered, robot armor suits for the impending battle, but only young ladies with the proper combination of virtue and spirit can pilot the robots successfully.Enter young Sakura, arriving in the Imperial Capital from the countryside to join the Imperial Flower Combat Troop. She has the qualifications to be a fine robot pilot, but she's surprised to learn that this secret Defense Force has a cover story as a musical theatre troupe-and they take their cover jobs very seriously indeed. It's costumes, line readings and robot combat galore, as Sakura struggles to learn the ropes, learn her lines, and do her part to save the nation!(Source: ADV Films)"A hero will never give up, never hide, never be defeated and never accept evil!"Firmly believing these words, Masayoshi Hazama has been obsessed with superhero shows since childhood. By day, he earns his living as a famous model, and by night, he becomes the gallant hero Samurai Flamenco. Armed with only his superhero costume, he seeks to bring justice to the city and faces anybody who tries to break the law—even rebellious juveniles and people who litter on the street.Masayoshi's heroic antics later catch the attention of the public, leading to the fateful discovery of his identity by policeman Hidenori Gotou. Although initially telling Masayoshi to leave the crime-busting activities to the police, Gotou ends up joining him in his antics. However, things soon escalate from preventing littering and petty thefts to bizarre adventures that involve even the fate of the world. Together with their newfound comrades, Masayoshi and Gotou embark on a battle with the world and themselves in order to find the true meaning of being a hero—with or without superpowers.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Mahiru Shirota firmly believes that simple is best and troublesome things should be avoided at all costs. It is troublesome to do nothing and regret it later—and this ideology has led the 15-year-old to pick up a stray cat on his way home from school. As he affectionately names the feline Kuro, little does he know that this chance meeting will spark an extraordinary change in his everyday life.One day, Mahiru returns home to find something quite strange: a mysterious young man he has never seen before. His subsequent panic results in the uninvited guest being exposed to sunlight and—much to Mahiru's shock—transforming into Kuro! Upon revealing himself as a mere lazy shut-in vampire, Kuro promises to leave once night falls. However, one disaster after another leads to Mahiru accidentally forming a contract with his new freeloader, dragging him into a life-threatening battle of supernatural servants and bloodthirsty beings that is anything but simple.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Yaeko Mitamura is an 18 year old girl working in her father's Okonomiyaki restaurant. One day Yakko casually meets a little boy, Hashizo and his odd cat Juliano. Hashizo has lost both parents when still a baby and has been brought up by his elder brother. Hashizo's brother Go Kato is the lead singer of the emerging rock band "Bee Hive". When Yakko meets Go and his friend and "Bee Hive" member Satomi Okawa an unexpected series of events unfolds. Love, jealousy, rock'n roll and the sparkle of newly borned stars is what makes this anime so lovable.(Source: ANN)Tokidoki Rikugou is a history-hating student who flunks out of his Japanese History course; his high school forces him to make up for his failed grade by attending a special museum lecture. Its star exhibit, a vast recreation of the Edo Period, promises to alleviate the delinquent student's poor grades with an elaborate simulation of the Tokugawa Shogunate: the Edo Bakumatsu Walking Tour and Exhibition. Knowing next to nothing about samurai culture or the times he's walked into, he is quickly surprised to learn of the superstitious nature of Japan during the 1600s. Quickly dismissing the existence of gods and demons, he is shocked when confronted by a demon on a bridge, who attacks the unsuspecting high-schooler. Saved by a mysterious swordsman named Kuchiha, he discovers that he can no longer escape the simulation at the history museum.Meeting another swordsman named Kon Shinonome, he discovers another contemporary that was trapped in the simulation before him. Quickly adjusting to his new home, Tokidoki must now help protect the village from demons, while uncovering the mystery of both the simulation and the company that created it.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Elizabeth, Joou-sama Tsuihou no Hi!?In a typical chess match against her sister ship Valiant, Queen Elizabeth confidently wagers her status as queen for a day, convinced she will remain undefeated. However, Valiant miraculously wins, taking this chance to assume the position she covets the most, even if only for a short while. On the appointed day, Queen Elizabeth experiences what it is like to live as one of her attendees. Meanwhile, Valiant realizes she is not prepared for the immense pressure of being a queen.Elizabeth, Jinei Konshinkai ni JinryokuThe long-awaited assembly of all nine Azur Lane factions is approaching. However, during the meeting of the factions' representatives, a consensus for the theme is reached in the absence of Royal Navy's Queen Elizabeth and Iris Libre's Richelieu. As a result, no space is left for either faction to construct their stall on the event grounds. To ensure that the international gathering is a success, Queen Elizabeth takes it upon herself to convince the other factions to compromise for the sake of their beloved commander.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Without the presence of both their deceased mother and their debt-ridden father, sisters Kyou and Asu Yamada are forced to fend for themselves. Thankfully, they at least have a roof over their heads: a small room in an old apartment spacious enough to fit both of them. However, to make ends meet, the older sister Kyou strives to juggle various part-time jobs—all while making sure that she and her younger sister can continue studying.Despite these hardships, they are not alone. Seemingly blessed with good and kind people around them, Kyou and Asu's lives are far from miserable. Above all else, the two sisters share a precious bond that, no matter what pain, trials, or quarrels may come their way, will always remain unbreakable.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Teropterids are evil beasts which pose as humans and live only to drink human blood. Fortunately for the human world there are groups dedicated to destroying them. A brooding and mysterious girl named Saya is the best teropterid slayer there is, and now, in 1960s Japan, she is sent to a U. S. army base which may be infested...(Source: ANN)The Private Aichi Symbiosis Academy was originally a high school for high-class girls. When it became co-ed, the girls, out of fear, asked to be permitted to bring weapons to school. When that was enforced, a five-member vigilante corps-like organization called the "Supreme Five Swords" was also formed.After many generations, the five swords eventually became a group which corrected problematic students, and the academy started proactively accepting such students in order to correct them.Nomura Fudou was sent to this school after being part of a huge brawl. What will he do when the only options he has after enrolling are being expelled from that school or being corrected the way the rest of the male students there were...by being forced to dress and act like a girl!(Source: Batoto, edited)Unaired episode 12 included with volume 4 of the BD/DVD release.A crossover of Doraemon and Ninja Hattori-kun.Mink is no ordinary teenage girl, being half-human and half-dragon. Her father had fallen in love with a red dragon he intended to kill, and instead of slaying the dragon, he married her. Their union gave birth to Mink, who inherited horns, a tail, retractable wings, and incredible strength—characteristics which signify her dragon half nature. Mink spends her days accompanied by her friend Pia, a dwarf girl with overprotective parents, and her best friend Lufa, an elf with great healing powers but impressively bad magic. The three find themselves mooning over the dreamy and charming dragonslayer, Dick Saucer. But in a sudden, absurd turn of events, Mink gets closer than ever to the object of her fantasies, only to realize that her love may never be reciprocated because of her dragon heritage.Thus, the trio sets out on a quest to find a potion that will make Mink fully human. They may unwittingly make enemies, but they are sure to have one heck of a good time.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The protagonist genius, Ye Feng, was betrayed and attacked by his senior, and other evildoers, after he refines the Divine Realm pill that would lead him towards Supreme Realm. He managed to fend off and consume the pill, yet finds himself inhabiting the body of his descendant, who bears his name after 500 years later. He pledge to save his current lineage and seeks vengeance, Yefeng embarked on the path of cultivation again, practicing hard and improving while exploring the mystery of the way of heaven. The wandering knight, Bedivere, reaches the end of his journey.The year is A.D. 1273 in Jerusalem.The Holy Land has been transformed into a massive desert, the people have been forced out of their homes, and three major powers wage war with each other in this wasteland. The Knights of the Round Table come together to protect the Holy City and their Lion King. With the whole of his kingdom summoned into a strange land, Ozymandias, the Sun-King, quietly plots against the tyranny of this bizarre realm.The mountain people, protectors of those who were stripped of their land, await their chance at rebellion. In order to fulfill his mission, Bedivere heads for the Holy City where the Lion King rules. There he meets humanity’s final Master, Ritsuka Fujimaru, who has come to Jerusalem, accompanied by his Demi-Servant, Mash Kyrielight, in their quest to restore human history.Bedivere joins with Fujimaru and his companions to undertake this quest.(Source: Official Website)Specials bundled with limited edition Blu-ray/DVD volumes of the Fate/kaleid liner Prisma Illya 2wei Herz!.Unaired episode titled "Nagarekawa, Annai Shite Mita." bundled with the Volume 1 Blu-ray/DVD.A mysterious light falls from the Heavens. It's the Pearl Jade. It can grant any wish. Dr. Ni tells Gyokumen Koushu about it. Lirin overhears and tells Kougaiji. Then Kanzeon Bosatsu (The Merciful Goddess) requests "orders" Sanzo and company to go and find and seal it before it falls into the wrong hands. (Source: ANN)Bundled with the Blu-ray and DVD release of Girls & Panzer: Kore ga Hontou no Anzio-sen desu!.In 2029, Scrooge escapes from a research facility where he had been confined as an experimental subject. His body was remodeled by genetic manipulations and he uses his psychic power to kill the chasers. One day, he meets another experimental subject called Carol. When three psychic chasers hunt down the two, Carol asks Scrooge to use his right arm to extract a weapon from her body. Hinata is very good at drawing and falls in love with his classmate, Shigure; however, Hinata is not good at talking to people, so he keeps his feelings in his imagination and drawings. Then, Shigure's family decides to move to another town. On the day of their move, Hinata says to himself, "I must tell her my feelings!" and starts to chase after the train which is taking Shigure away.(Source: MAL)"Medusa," a deadly virus becomes a worldwide epidemic. In order to escape from this deadly virus, a handful of people are chosen to be put into a cold sleep, laying in a capsule hoping for the future cure. Kasumi, a teenage girl is one of the 160 chosen for this procedure, and is guided to a Cold Sleep Capsule Center (CSCC) inside an ancient castle. Understanding that it is hardly possible, Kasumi goes to sleep still anticipating for a reunion with her twin sister Shizuku, who also is infected with the virus. As Kasumi and the others awake, they notice that the CSCC is not as they remembered. Just like the story of "Sleeping Beauty," the castle is covered with thorn, and the awaken are attacked by unknown creatures and monsters! How long were they asleep? Where did the monsters come from? What has happened to the world?Abandoned in the midst of an enigma, the escapade of the seven survivors begins...(Source: kingofthorn.net)Episode bundled with the ninth volume of the Itsuka Tenma no Kuro Usagi novel.Includes Mirai's chibi-style dream, body-swapping and a crossover with Densetsu no Yuusha no Densetsu.The follows a pair of twin brothers who, because of a feud between two formidable martial artists, were separated at birth and raised on opposing sides.(Source: Wikipedia)Tenchi Masaki heads out to tackle the big world, setting off to school in Tokyo! But not everyone is happy to hear he is moving away, as his female friends sulk and complain at the prospect of him being alone. However, Tenchi is not by himself for very long, as he soon meets a kind and compassionate girl named Sakuya Kumashiro who helps him get used to life in Tokyo.The two become close friends, but Sakuya wants more than just that, so she proclaims her love for Tenchi. This confession comes as a shock not only to Tenchi, but also the girls back home. In response, the girls decide to step up their game, and they immediately flock to Tokyo to take Tenchi for themselves. With the girls competing for his love, Tenchi must decide once and for all who the most important woman in his life is. However, he is going to have a hard time deciding, as strange events start happening that drive Tenchi further apart from his friends.[Written by MAL Rewrite]To teenager Miyuki Hoshizora, fairy tales are a world of wondrous encounters and happy endings. Inspired by her love for these stories, she lives every day searching for happiness. While running late on her first day of school as a transfer student, Miyuki meets Candy—a mysterious fairy from the world of fairy tales, Märchenland. However, when Candy disappears as quickly as she appeared, Miyuki is left believing the encounter was only a dream.After an eventful first day, Miyuki finds a mysterious library at school. While combing through the bookshelves, she is transported next to Candy, who claims to be searching for the so-called legendary warriors, Precure. When forced to protect Candy's and everyone else's happiness, Miyuki transforms into "Cure Happy," one of the Precure warriors! As Cure Happy, Miyuki is now tasked with finding the other legendary warriors and protecting the world from destruction, all while possibly discovering her very own happy ending.[Written by MAL Rewrite]One night, a Star of Life falls down the chimney of a bakery nestled deep in the forest, causing the dough in the oven to come to life. The dough becomes Anpanman, a superhero made of anpan (a sweet roll with bean jam filling). Together with his friends, Anpanman fights his rival Baikinman and helps the malnourished. (Source: ANN)Chirico is awoken from cold sleep and separated from Fyana. His attempts to find her come to the attention of a Nextant, the replacement for the Perfect Soldier program. At the same time, the new Pope is to be nominated, and Chirico is religiously considered to be "The Untouchable". With one of the nominees related to the Nextant, Chirico's actions will have far-reaching political ramifications.(Source: ANN)Yuuta Hoshitani enrolls in the prestigious Ayanagi Academy in hopes of finding the high school student who inspired him. The academy is well-known for producing exceptional musical talent, but students must first compete for acceptance into the Musical Department. At the top of the department is the Kao Council—a group of third-year students who possess a great deal of influence over the school and admission into the department. The fastest route to entering the department for Hoshitani is to find a way into a Star Team, which would allow him to be taught by a member of the Kao Council.After catching the eyes of Itsuki Ootori, Hoshitani finds himself under the tutelage of the Kao Council's most eccentric member. Alongside him on Team Ootori is his roommate, Tooru Nayuki, fledgling Kabuki actor Kakeru Tengenji, the quiet Shuu Kuga, and Kaito Tsukigami, the younger brother of famous Ayanagi alumni Haruto.As Hoshitani struggles with his lack of talent, his teammates must also overcome their shortcomings. Facing opposition from other talented Star Teams, including the other four members of the Kao Council, Team Ootori must carve their own path as they aim to perform in the Ayanagi Festival. [Written by MAL Rewrite]DVD episodes 23 and 24.Based on a seinen manga by Shinobu Ohtaka, serialized in Young Gangan.Koushi Inuzuka is a smart high school student who aims to become a public prosecutor. Unfortunately for our good guy, he was born into a martial arts family whose head (ie his father) only knows one language: violence. When Koushi was still a baby, his father made a pact with his biggest rival to marry Koushi to his opponent-turned-friend's daughter. The union of the two blood lines is supposed to bring forth Earth's strongest martial arts clan.Skip forward: Koushi is in high school, oblivious to the marriage arranged for him at his birth. Enter Momoko Kuzuryuu: sugar bomb, airhead, loli martial arts artist and Koushi's self-proclaimed bride (the strongest on Earth, no less). Her wish for sexual intercourse meets with Koushi's square refusal as he has absolutely no desire to get it on with someone who looks like she could be his little sister, not to mention that he doesn't have the foggiest idea who she actually is.Meanwhile, a war has broken out between the martial arts families. For Koushi, this means that numerous fighters are out to challenge him. As if that weren't bad enough, our protagonist also has a fight phobia due to a traumatic incident that took place in his childhood. Now it's up to Momoko and her superhuman fighting skills to protect her "husband." Will the two sweethearts survive the trials and tribulations ahead of them? More importantly, will Momoko get her way receiving a baby from Koushi?New series of shorts featuring Index-tan.The Earth had become a wasteland of deserts as the survivors work to rebuild communities. Daigo Otaki is a young orphan raised by his uncle. Becoming an adult, Daigo discovers that Victor City was in fact planned by his father who was a genius scientist. Daigo's sister Saori had been managing it. She plead Daigo to take on the inheritance that Daigo's father left him, a super robot system known as Gordian. Daigo would join the Mechacon mechanic combat 18th regiment unit, an organization of law enforcers that defend Victor City against attacks from the Madokuta organization.(Source: Gordian Warrior, Wikipedia)It's now winter in Kamakura. When Satsuki tells her friends that she'd seen Manatsu, Ichika at first doesn't believe it. But on the day before her 15th birthday, Manatsu's mirror fragment inside Ichika's desk drawer mysteriously disappears. That evening, a young girl calling herself "Mafuyu, Manatsu's identical twin" appears before Ichika with a mischievous smirk on her face.(Source: AniDB)The second season of Wan Jie Du Zun.After Jiang Beiran came to Xuanlong Continent, he experienced the ups and downs of human relationships, and gradually figured out the rules of survival in this world, and was later accepted as a disciple of Guixin Sect. In the sect, he appears to be a low-key disciple who loves Go, but in fact he is proficient in chess, calligraphy, and painting, and is capable of literary and martial arts. He secretly helped the sect discover and train a group of outstanding disciples, and started the path of cultivating immortality in a low-key way...(Source: Tencent, Google translated)Jiang Xiaobai has regained his memories, and Tong Li cannot bring herself to face him. Separately, they confront the truths left unsaid for 10 years—about the band September, to which Jiang Xiaobai and Mu Xiyu dedicated their youth; about the love triangle between Jiang Xiaobai, Mu Xiyu, and Tong Li; and about the painful circumstances that brought the trio together and ultimately led to the terrible tragedy that occurred on the day Tong Li left for America. At the end of it all, can Jiang Xiaobai and Tong Li accept the past and face the future together?[Written by MAL Rewrite]The journey to the West was a conspiracy of heaven! After Sutra went missing for more than a decade, Heaven sent its army to search, in order not to let the Sutra once again fall into the hands of heaven, the journey to West begin again.(Source: White Cloud Pavilion)Original short anime bundled with the seventh Blu-ray and DVD volume of Sora no Method.Deep in the Ararat Mountains of Turkey, a secret organization known as ARCAM has found what is believed to be Noah's Ark. However, the U.S. Machine Corps., a rogue organization of the Pentagon, wants to take over the Ark as a means of global supremacy. Only a special ARCAM operative known as a Spriggan stands in their way. Japanese Spriggan Yu Ominae teams up with French Spriggan Jean-Jacques Mondo to combat members of the U.S. Machine Corps. led by Col. MacDougall—a genetically-enhanced boy with deadly psionic powers. However, they must act fast and stop MacDougall before he uses the Ark for his own agenda.(Source: ANN)Recap of Sword Art Online: Alicization, aired one week before Sword Art Online: Alicization - War of Underworld.For some people, high school represents the opportunity for a fresh start. You can take new classes and make new friends. For Souichiro Nagi and Bob Makihara, though, high school means something different: the chance to become the top fighters in the entire student body! Too bad Toudou Academy is the hardest possible place to realize their dreams. Their new high school is no ordinary academic institution. Rather than concentrating on classic subjects like math and science, Toudou Academy was created for the sole purpose of reviving the martial arts in Japan!As a result, Souichiro's aspirations to become top dog are cut short when he runs afoul of Masataka Takayanagi and Maya Natsume. The two upperclassmen easily stop the freshmen duo's rampage across school, but rather than serving as a deterrent, it only stokes their competitive fire. What kind of monstrous fighters attend Toudou Academy? Are there any stronger than Masataka and Maya? And why in the world is Maya's younger sister stalking Souichiro? Learn the answers to these questions and more in Tenjou Tenge!A spin-off of the Tesagure! Bukatsumono series.A collection of stories involving the girls of To Heart 2, with each episode focusing on a different character.(Source: ANN)Having lost her mother at a young age, Misha Takanashi, a second grader who is Russian now lives with her Japanese step-father. Tsubame Kamoi, formerly a Japan Air Self-Defense Force, JASDF officer, comes to the Takanashi household as a housekeeper. This is a home comedy where Kamoi, a hardcore lolicon, attempts to get near Misha as she tries to fight against her.Special swimsuit-featured episode included in the fourth DVD/Blu-ray volume.Collection of animated shorts from MTV Japan and produced by Studio Kanaban that follows the misadventures of Kirenenko and Putin, two rabbits stuck in a Russian prison. A prologue to Uta no☆Prince-sama♪ Movie: Maji Love ST☆RISH Tours.Additional scene intended to air as part of Vinland Saga Season 2's 18th episode.Rikuo Uozumi has all but resigned himself to a bleak future, aimlessly working at a convenience store in Tokyo after graduating from college. His monotonous life is interrupted when the peculiar Haru Nonaka makes a lively appearance, frequently dropping by his workplace to befriend him. When Rikuo learns that an old college friend and crush, Shinako Morinome, has moved back into town, he reaches out to further their relationship. Unbeknownst to Rikuo however, Shinako is carrying painful memories from her past that were holding her back from accepting his feelings. Meanwhile, as Haru continually opens up to Rikuo, he discovers that she, much like him, is living by herself and wants to step out of her comfort zone into an uncertain future.The past lingers long in the mind, and the future remains elusive. At a crossroads along their intertwined paths, these three experience what it means to let go of their feelings of yesterday and embrace the change that tomorrow brings.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The third season of Ze Tian Ji.A story about kids fighting with Karaoke.500 years ago in the Tensho Era of Japan, a man was born who defied the will of a demon; a man who had gods of good on his side; a man destined to battle evil....his name was Kabuto. Somehow, Kuroyasya Douki, the vile Black Night Demon, escaped his prison in hell and returned to the earthly plane to wreak vengeance on the family-line of Kabuto. None can escape his deadly magic and masterful skills with the blade; however, the gods of the North, West, East, and South band together to help Kabuto stand for Justice. With the questionable help of a diabolical talking sword that his own father forged, Kabuto may live another day to see his own sons born....Katsu Kaizou is a very gullible, 17-year-old high school student and a believer in science fiction, aliens, ghosts, UFOs, conspiracies, etc. He thinks that everything going on around him is the result of some sort of alien plot to take over the world. Each story is pretty much self-contained and is completely bizarre. Kaizou joins the school's science club, makes new friends, and ends up coming in contact with all sorts of strange things like log people, deadly sushi, pee-blades, scary infections, robot invasions, ghosts, living dolls, and more!1887, at a remote, elite boarding school in France: Serge Battour returns after his graduation, and remembers the days of his youth...1880, at the same school: Son of a viscount and a Roma prostitute (both deceased), Serge is intelligent, sweet, talented, and alienated by his family due to his heritage. Upon being sent to his new school, he rooms with Gilbert Cocteau, a gorgeous loner of a boy who sells his body for reasons unknown. Serge's attempts to reach out to Gilbert fail spectacularly, and yet there is something in both of them that attracts them to each other.Uchikomatic Days is a 5 minute short telling the story of the birth of the Uchikomas, the 'ugly duckling' second generation think-tanks that made substandard replacement models for the Tachikomas. The short features a music performance by the A.I. Tough Guy Uchikomas, a group of rising stars that will provide entertainment at the Harima City for Academic Research New Year's Eve Party.This special feature is available on the Ghost in the Shell: S.A.C. Solid State Society DVD. Flash Back 2012 is Minmei's farewell concert. Featuring some of her best songs, the music is performed over various scenes and events taken from Macross TV as well as Macross "Do You Remember Love". Also included is a newly animated closing sequence showing the launch of Misa's colony vessel, the Megaroad-01, into space.(Source: ANN)Marika is a gothic lolita who somehow ends up in the mysterious town  of Galihabara. There she meets different famous scientists like Galileo Galilei, Marie Skłodowska Curie and Sir Isaac Newton.Massara is an original short inspired from the song of the same name by Kiyoe Yoshioka (of Ikimono-gakari). The song is Yoshioka's first solo single. The short is directed by Keita Nagahara, and animated by the studio Enishiya Inc.The anime's story centers on a singer-songwriter, Nazuna, who is about to stop chasing her dream, and a very shy girl, Yuna. They meet and influence each other to create their own future.(Source: Crunchyroll)Catholic schoolgirl Inaho discovers that a vampire, Mosquiton, is feeding off of her classmates. So she stakes him, but he is revived after her blood comes in contact with the his remains. Mosquiton becomes her slave and also a history teacher. Together, along with Yuuki and Honou, the unlikely duo have many escapades and adventures. One of Inaho's main goals is to find the mythical O-Part to make some money!(Source: AnimeNfo)For generations, the Bernstein family has been recognized as a house of nobles who favor books over everything else. Elianna Bernstein, daughter of a baron of the Sauslind Kingdom, is no different. But instead of being called a bookworm, she is known as the Bibliophile Princess.Four years ago, the crown prince, Christopher Selkirk Asherald, offered Elianna a special arrangement: if she would become his fiancée, he promised that she could continue to spend all her free time reading. Despite having to inherit a title of great responsibility, she agreed to the proposal, enticed by the prospect of gaining access to the royal archives housing a wide selection of books.To this day, Elianna firmly believes that her engagement is void of romantic sentiment. When she notices Christopher's interactions with another girl, she presumes that the days she spends with him will soon reach an end. Yet, during this period of uncertainty, Elianna and Christopher open a new chapter in their relationship, gradually uncovering their genuine feelings as they grow to better understand each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Iride Akatsuki has unlocked hidden content in the game he's playing, 'Nakanohito Genome,' and it turns out that this content is a real-life game!He soon wakes up to find that he has been kidnapped and taken to a strange place, along with a number of other teammates. Each of them specializes in a certain sort of game, like cultivation games, fighting games, puzzle games, etc.A llama-headed 'teacher' gathers them after level 1 is cleared to explain how the game will proceed.Will this group of gamers succeed, and make it back to their real lives?(Source: MangaHelpers)Second of two new anime installments commemorating the anime's sixth anniversary, which will screen in theaters in Japan on a limited basis in 2023.(Source: MAL News)Before they met Catarina Claes, each of her close friends struggled with their personal conflicts. But with a bright smile and a helping hand, the warmth of Catarina's friendship began to melt away the moments of their lonesome darkness.[Written by MAL Rewrite]In a lonesome water mill deep in a forest of briers and brambles lives a witch named Baba Yaga. There the witch keeps her servant the Egg Princess confined and forces the tiny egg-girl to do all the hard daily chores around the mill. One night, a large batch of kneaded dough resting in a trough suddenly comes to life from the witch's spell. Fearful of the witch, the Egg Princess and her new friend decide to run away. What will lay ahead for the two of them...?(Source: Official Website)The shapeshifting Pokémon Zorua and Zoroark are captured by a mysterious group intent on using their illusory powers for their own gain. They unleash Zoroark on Crown City, forcing her beforehand to take the form of Suicune, Entei, and Raikou, the guardians of the town.As Satoshi and his companions visit Crown City to watch the much-anticipated Pokémon Baccer World Cup, they encounter Zorua, who managed to escape captivity. At the same time, Zoroark goes on a rampage, unaware of Zorua's breakout. Disguised as the Legendary Beast Trio, she starts destroying the city and terrorizing its inhabitants.Will Satoshi manage to stop the deranged Pokémon before Crown City perishes? Will the sudden arrival of long-unseen Celebi change the outcome of the seemingly inevitable clash between Zoroark and the impersonated Legendary Beasts?[Written by MAL Rewrite]Sixteen years after its destruction by a meteor, Graviton City has been rebuilt into a futuristic metropolis. However, this is of little concern to superpowered high school student Eiko Magami, who only cares about her best friend Shiiko Kotobuki and arriving at school on time. Unfortunately, the incredibly intelligent Biko Daitokuji intends to befriend Shiiko, taking Eiko's place as the Shiiko's best friend using any means she can.Biko decides that, to accomplish this, she must defeat Eiko in combat. In order to overcome her super strength and speed, Biko creates a mecha and challenges Eiko in front of their school gate. As the two commence their battle, an extremely large spaceship hovers over Earth, searching for something left behind.[Written by MAL Rewrite]The first part of this season continues where the second season ended, and the battle for the Mohist school finds its conclusion.In the second part of the season, new alliances are made and new foes arise.(Source: AniDB)DVD specials.Special recap of s.CRY.ed to commemorate the 10th anniversary of the anime; featuring digital remastering and some new footage.Original short episodes featuring characters in super-deformed style.No synopsis information has been added to this title. Help improve our database by adding a synopsis here.After the termination of the incredibly popular virtual reality MMORPG "The World," a new version of the game—The World R:2—is brought online. On his first day in the game, newcomer Haseo thinks he has made some friends to quest with. However, as if mocking his sentiments, they kill his character just for fun. Luckily, he is saved by a mysterious, one-armed player named Ovan who offers to show him around The World. Alongside Ovan and his cleric friend Shino, Haseo enjoys a wonderful first year in the game. But this peaceful life is shattered when Shino's character is killed by a familiar figure notoriously known as Tri-Edge, whose victims have all fallen into comas in the real world. In a fit of rage, Haseo vows to find the elusive Tri-Edge and kill him.Taking place during Haseo's first year in The World, .hack//Roots explores the friendships Haseo built in the game before Tri-Edge ripped them away.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Marina, the most beautiful mermaid in the royal Merman family, is curious about the human world. One day, she sees a handsome prince on a boat. Suddenly, a storm comes up, throwing him into the sea. Marina saves her handsome prince and guides him to the shore. Marina falls deeply in love and desperately wants to become a human. Despite the hazards, she is willing to risk it all for love.(Source: ANN) Life in Brailsford Junction, Wisconsin, is simple and quiet for Sterling North, who spends most of his free time caring for animals. With his mother in the hospital and his brother fighting on the Western Front, the boy lives only with his father and his dog Hauser.One weekend, cutting away from his usual chores, Sterling, his friend Oscar, and Hauser head off on a fishing trip. On their way to the river, his dog catches a scent at the base of a tree. Unearthing a raccoon's nest, the two boys find an orphaned kit. A passing hunter has killed the kit's mother to make a fur hat, leaving Sterling to adopt and care for the orphaned raccoon.Torn by his fracturing family, a brother in the trenches, along with the ailing health of his mother, Sterling's bonds with life and the world around him are kept together and strengthened by life with his new friend, the "ring-tailed wonder" and scoundrel, whom he names Rascal.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Boukyaku Battery is a story about a famous baseball battery consisting of the genius pitcher Haruka Kiyomine and skilled catcher Kei Kaname who was also known as the "General." During their senior league days, they were talented enough to not only win, but also crush the hopes and dreams of many junior high school players that they played against. However, Kaname lost his memory and the two entered Kotesashi High School, a no-name public high school. In the same school, they meet several talented players who had quit baseball after playing against them in junior high. This is a story of their coming together in a newly established baseball club to play baseball again.(Source: Baka Updates, edited)* Based on Chirorin Mura To Kurumi No Ki (Chirorin Village and the Walnut Tree), a children's puppet show broadcast on NHK between 1959 and 1964. This series was brought back to exploit parents' nostalgia.Nutsberry Town is a beautiful small country town, surrounded by shimmering lakes, lush forests and green fields. It's a place where old-fashioned values still abound. It is here that our heroes, Snappy the Onion, Wendy the Walnut and Pee Wee the Peanut, a madcap trio known as the "Kooky Kids" play their mischievous games.Never mean-spirited or malicious, the Kooky Kids still manage to get into trouble in their non-stop quest for fun and adventure. And because Nutsberry Town is far from the hustle and bustle of video arcades, shopping malls or theme parks, the children find their fun amidst their beautiful surroundings -- and in their imagination. (Source: AniDB)Comical action adventure film including a caricature of radical ecoactivism and theme of bond between mother and children. The new mayor of Futaba Town, Kasukabe-City, Saitama Prefecture, Mamoru Shizan promotes ecology activities, but his true identity is the leader of an eco-terrorist organization "SKBE: Save Keeping Beautiful Earth", and he launches a plan to transform human into animals by making them take a drink to change into animals. By taking the drink, Shinnosuke's father, Hiroshi changes into a chicken, and his mother changes into a panther. With a mystery woman Victoria, the Nohara Family and half-animalized members of Kasukabe Defense Forces fight against SKBE to stop Shizen's plan. (Source: Manabu Tsuribe)The undying Sakura Trees return. Based on a PS2 sequel of the original DaCapo game, the story once again takes place on Hatsunejima, but is set 53 years after the events of D.C. and D.C.S.S.. Although some characters will probably look a bit familiar to the initiated eye, the cast is a new one. The new main protagonist is Yoshiyuki Sakurai, who lives next door to the Asakura sisters Yume and Otome, who are the granddaughters of Junichi and Nemu from the first season.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Junichirou Kagami is a young published physicist, a genius, and a hopeless otaku. At the mercy of YD, a self-diagnosed illness which causes him to only be able to do what he "Yearns to Do," Junichirou foregoes his scientific career to maintain and improve his anime blog. However, when he gets hired as a high school physics teacher; his sister Suzune, no longer willing to tolerate his NEET lifestyle, forces him to take the position. Despite the fact that Junichirou has no motivation to teach the standard curriculum, he may still have something of value to teach his students outside of academics. With his class in tow, Junichirou embarks on an unlikely journey filled with life lessons such as acceptance of others, how to make lasting friends, and what it means to live a better life by doing what you yearn to do.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Tasuke, a student in a police academy, wanted to be the manager of the academy and arrest all criminals in Edo city. Tasuke is still eleven years old, but, he really wanted to get rid of criminals so the world will be a better place to stay in. Tasuke have three other friends; Omon and the other two. With them, they work together and that is the start of a funny and sometimes serious adventure.Character Stage Greeting Manner Special's shown before main movie. Later included on the movie Blu-ray and DVD release.The Kickers are first and foremost a football team. Actually, they're only playing for their school, but haven't exactly covered themselves with glory. When the new player, Gregor (Daichi Kakeru) arrives at the school, they just had faced a resounding defeat again. However, thanks to Gregor, things are going to change. Highly motivated, they'll try to get rid of their "always-loser-team" image. Their strongest enemy are the Devils, who Gregor provokes right from the start. However, it's not all about football. When the captain, Mario (Hongou Masaru), is not pursued by his female fans, the Kickers often hang around and do stuff together.(Source: AniDB)It is 2911 and the solar system is made up of of 50 planets. I.C Blues, a gambler, makes a bet with the boss of a criminal syndicate known as Bloody God that it is possible to navigate the whole solar system in one year. Helping out Blues is J9-III, made up of Rock, Beat, and Birdy. To clear any obstcles, they have the transforming train-robot Sasuraiger. But the Bloody Syndicate will do anything to ensure the Blues loses the bet. (Source: ANN) Much like looking through a window, Iblard Jikan explores the fantastic and beautiful world of Iblard by panning through art created by Naohisa Inoue. Iblard shows itself to be nothing short of amazing and will wash serenity over your mind.(Source: ANN) Ikebukuro is home to many different businesses and gangs. This includes Makoto Majima: the infamous "troubleshooter" who mediates between warring factions. Makoto knows all of the ins and outs of the bustling Tokyo district and strives to maintain peace alongside the G-Boys, who assist Makoto in his troubleshooting endeavors. Led by the charismatic and ruthless Takashi Andou, the G-Boys is the most influential gang in all of Ikebukuro. However, when the new faction "Red Angels" begins to move in on the G-Boys' turf, immediate tensions rise between them. With numerous enemies scattered around and within the G-Boys, navigating through the streets becomes more difficult for Makoto. While continuing to troubleshoot problems, he slowly unravels a plot that may trigger an all-out war and threaten the entirety of Ikebukuro.[Written by MAL Rewrite]When Nube and his class arrive at a small island to carry out beach activities, they heard a forbodding tale from an old man residing on the island. Legend has it that there is a creature known as the sea spider in the open seas around the island. When the creature is past 200 years old, it will turn into a monster and devour humans to satisfy its appetite. However, curiousity kills the cat and Yukime decides to pursue the authenticity of the legend. And then, a girl suddenly appears on the beach. Possessed with a strange charm, she immediately attracts Hiroshi's attention and overcomes him. Soon later, strange things start to happen to the others whereby Kyoko and Ritsuko-sensei got attacked under strange circumstances. The true identity behind the mysterious girl is questioned and the legend behind the sea creature seems to be true after all.Short episode bundled with the limited edition release of "Bungaku Shoujo" Minarai no, Shoushin.A new episode included with the complete Blu-ray box collection of A-Channel.Anhe, the most mysterious killer organization in the world, is composed of the three surnames Su, Xie, and Mu. Everyone was poisoned, and their lives were at stake. After learning the news, the three forces of the Anhe River took the opportunity to launch a rebellion. Su Muyu, as the leader of Spider Shadow's guard group, brought in Bai Hehuai, the genius doctor of Medicine King Valley, to heal the elders, while repelling the killers and protecting the elder Zhouquan. At this time, his friend Su Changhe in Anhe, but on behalf of the Su family joined the operation to assassinate the patriarch.(Source: Youku, translated)Willy Fog accepts a bet from members of the Reform Club that he can make it around the world in 80 days. His plan, however, does not include being stopped by unknown enemies.(Source: ANN)The Layzner OVA serves as an alternative version of the TV series. The first episode, titled "Eiji 1996", recaps the first part of the series (episodes 01-24). The second episode ("Le Caine 1999") takes place after a time skip, and contains episodes 26 through 37 (episode 25 of the TV series, being a recap itself, is skipped here). The final episode, "Seal 2000", is an expanded version of the final episode of the TV series (38) and features new animation and a longer epilogue. In the fourth movie, the classical Japan-Europe match becomes intercontinental. This time they arrange a world cup with 4 teams: Japan, USA, "All Europe", and "All South America". In the first match, Japan easily defeats the USA 3:0 and in the second match Europe loses 2:3 against South America. In the final round S.A. shows their "soccer cyborg" Carlos Santana, a more than supreme player who seems to be undefeatable. All their classical tricks like Hyugas "Tiger Shot" or Tsubasas "Top Spin" seem to be totally worthless, but in a hard and spectacular match the Japanese learn more and more to play in unison and finally they get the win.(Source: ANN)When Utopia More discovers an ancient record that holds the key to unlocking the secrets of the universe, she becomes the target of the ruthless Gypsy Doc of the Pirate Guild. Utopia finds herself saved by the easy-going yet legendary space pirate, Cobra, whose custom made Psychogun makes him a force to be reckoned with. Together, the two of them attempt to stop Gypsy Doc (along with Cobra's revived arch-nemesis, Crystal Boy) and his efforts to steal the record and use its secrets to rule the universe.The story of Mr. Araiwa and his family. He is a model employee in a large enterprise, but becomes a completely different character at home. He is very keen on cooking and lets pass no occasion to cook delicious dishes for his wife, who is frequently occupied by her work as a journalist, or his young son.(Source: AniDB)Cinque Izumi, Nanami Takatsuki, and Rebecca Anderson must once again embark on a journey to the continent of Flonyard and participate in the friendly war games of the three allied nations: Biscotti Republic, Galette, and Pastilage. Cinque is Biscotti’s hero, who also happens to be the cousin of Galette’s hero Nanami. Rebecca is Pastillage’s hero and a dear friend of Cinque.Dog Days'' begins in the human world. Rebecca prepares her things for her journey back to Pastilage from Japan. Meanwhile, Cinque and Nanami set out to travel to Biscotti and Galette, respectively, all the way from England, when suddenly, a freakish streak of bad luck—in the form of lightning, of course—sends them off course. They soon find themselves in the great Dragon Forest, protected by a Dragon Priestess named Sharu. The Dragon Priestess informs them that demons threaten to invade the forest, as well as the whole continent of Flonyard!It looks like a real war is about to begin in Dog Days''. Can these three heroes save the whole continent from these evil beings?Tarou "Dokaben" Yamada, who was a judoist while at junior high, enters Meikun High School and is talked into joining the baseball club. He displays his superb athletic abilities in baseball and becomes well-known as a hard hitter. He and his unique teammates establish Meikun a solid position as No.1 in the High School Baseball Championship games.(Source: Nippon Animation)Leona Ozaki joins Newport City's infamous Tank Police division. With aid of Al and her newly built mini-tank, Bonaparte, she wages war on Buaku and his cohorts, the Puma Sisters. (Source: ANN)Recap of the first season of Dungeon ni Deai wo Motomeru no wa Machigatteiru Darou ka.The world of insects is full of enchantment and amazement. This animation series is inspired by "the Diary of Insects" written by Jean Henri Fabre, an outstanding French entomologist and author in the 19th Century. In his original works, Mr. Fabre vividly described the life of insects. In this series all the insects and bugs have been personified and drawn into marvelous animated characters.This is the story of the exciting adventures of a crime-buster in the world of insects! Our hero's way of investigation is so unique and always ends with surprising solutions. The interesting ecology of various insects will be described while our "cool" hero, Inspector Fabre, analyzes and unties the knots of crimes and conspiracy a la fashion of Sherlock Holmes!After the school festival, Kohei and friends head to a small cottage out of town and enjoy themselves after working hard.The Futaba Detective Agency, being run by Rentarou, who has taken over the family business, after his father's death 3 weeks ago. Along with Sara & Souju, his live-in identical twin assistants. He ends up running afoul of the local Yakuza.(Source: ANN)Galaxy Angel 3 TV special that contains 2 stories.Presumed dead, master con artist and recovering amnesiac Dorothy is discovered by Shanghai Longu-bang, a mob who wants payback for her conning them. With no memories and nowhere to go, she must rely on a local crime underboss to elude Taipei’s criminal underworld all while tracking down leads to her mysterious past.(Source: Crunchyroll)In an attempt to rescue Bellri and the others, Dellensen launches an attack on the pirate corps' Megafauna. Bellri, forced into space combat in Earth orbit, fails to realize he is facing his former instructor and shoots him down with the G-Self.Meanwhile, the Capital Army demands the return of the G-Self and Raraiya Monday, and deploys first the Mask team's Elf Bullocks and then Becker's Wuxia team. Behind the scenes, a crisis is developing which will drive them all to violate the taboos of SU-Cordism–the existence of a threat from space.(Source: AllTheAnime)Sadamitsu, a high-school delinguents turned to a masked-hero, while not dealing with his rocky relationship with the strong female protagonist, he puts on a motorcycle-helmet-like mask and becomes a semi-robotic superhero who fights. He is assisted by other possibly- mechanical creatures in order to save the earth from the invasion of 20,000,000 escaped alien convicts.(Source: AniDB)Amagane Rinne had an accident and died while hurrying to school. She suddenly arrived in an awkward school... in Hell, filled with demons. While she is struggling and wishing to go back to the world whence she came from, she makes friends with her demon schoolmates and develops an uncommon bond.The Little Prince lives on Asteroid B612, a tiny rock floating in space. He spends his days cleaning out the three small volcanoes on the asteroid (which he also uses to cook his breakfast) weeding out the baobob trees that threaten to take over, and caring for his friend the Rose Girl. When he gets lonely for company he catches a comet in his butterfly net and flies off to Earth for all sorts of adventures.(Source: ANN) At the Personality Plant, robots are being built and slowly outfitted with the artificial memories of real people. Suzu is one such robot, being made to replace the young boy a family has lost. By chance, he meets Hotori, a young girl suffering from progressive memory loss. The two children become friends and attempt to define themselves in the light of their changing memories.(Source: ANN)What do Ryouma Echizen and the Seishun Academy Boys' Tennis Team get up to when they are off the court? They are pranking each other with a creepy kokeshi doll in the locker room and incorrectly dressing up for Halloween, just to name a few. With cameos from rival school players to add to the hilarity, Houkago no Oujisama explores life outside of the sport that makes these characters tick.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Unaired OVA bundled with limited edition eighth volume of the manga.The episode centers around the actions of Inari and Kon.In a futuristic world, young Marty stumbles upon a bionic arm which endows him with superhuman powers and put him at the centre of a centuries-old struggle between good and evil. His teenager heart will now begin a long-way training together with two loyal friends: Buttons, his robo-puppy, and the brave Ally.(Source: Official website)An extended version of the second season's first episode, which is under the same title.When what looks to be a cluster of shooting stars appear in the sky, Rinko Kougyoku and her friend Minami each make a wish.What the girls truly saw were not stars, but 'Jewel Charms' falling to the Earth. These charms were created by three magicians in a magical world names Jewel Land, each housing one of its many native Jewelpets. Although these creatures are free to roam the world in their original form, the magicians sometimes turn them into charms so that they can be carried around with great ease. Most Jewelpets don't find this troublesome, but once a mischievous bunny by the name of Ruby feels overly claustrophobic, she devises her escape.One day, the magicians decide to move the Jewelpets, and task a pelican with delivering them to the Dream Forest. All is well until a strong gust of wind disorients the bird, who then drops all of the charms that he was carrying. Instead of heading towards the Dream Forest, all the Jewelpets but Ruby fall to Rinko's home city on Earth. Someone must go and retrieve them all, and as Ruby was the worst-behaved of the bunch, she is given the task of going to Earth.When Ruby reaches Earth in the form of a red Jewel Charm, she falls into Rinko's water glass, and thus begins a rather unexpected adventure. Rinko, Minami, and Ruby form an alliance to search and gather all of the fallen charms, encountering strange creatures and tons of helpful allies along the way. Will they be able to succesfully bring the Jewelpets home safely, or is Earth full of more danger than they had expected?Additional specials included in two Blu-ray Box volumes of Soul Eater. Originally they were a part of late-night version of dual broadcast of Soul Eater; the regular Monday 6:00 p.m. version and a late-night "Soul Eater Late Show" version.Special footage was added at the start and end of the commercial break; the next episode preview was also different from the regular version.(Source: Wikipedia)Two new members of Japan's Narcotics Control Department are tasked with dismantling the criminal network that supplies the deadly drug called Funny Angel (FA). While Haru Kurabayashi infiltrates the mafia branch that commercializes this drug, his partner Kai Etou starts working in a suspicious greenhouse that may harbor the FA production. As both agents grow closer to their objective, they are confronted with difficult choices that threaten to jeopardize the cover of each other.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Based on the Visual Novel ToHeart 2 AD (Another Days), the sequel to ToHeart 2.The cheerful Yuuki Cross and the gruff Zero Kiryuu are members of the disciplinary committee at Cross Academy, which houses two very distinct classes: the Day Class and the Night Class. Their job consists of upholding order between the classes when they switch out. While that may not seem like an especially difficult task, the Day Class is unaware of the truth behind the Night Class—their utterly gorgeous students are vampires.Ten years ago, Yuuki was saved from a vampire attack by Kaname Kuran, a Pureblood vampire. Now, Kaname is the leader of the Night Class, and Yuuki's disciplinary committee position allows her to see him again, making her feelings for him grow complicated. Meanwhile, Zero bears a white-hot hatred of all vampires and believes they can never live in harmony with humans. But a secret from Zero's past soon threatens the fragile peace of all at the academy, and things may never be the same again.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Bura no Susume?After learning that her friend only wears sports bras, Yuuka Sasahara insists that Kaede Saitou buy more feminine undergarments. Despite failing to understand the appeal of flashy clothing, Kaede inevitably goes shopping with Aoi Yukimura, Hinata Kuraue, and Kokona Aoba—an outing that may prove to be a climb of its own.Yama no Susume Besuto Ten!The girls look back on their top 10 favorite moments so far, but some events appear different from what they remember.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Episode 13 of Yomigaeru Sora: Rescue Wings, released as a DVD special. Takes place before the events in the series.In the wake of scientific advancement, the once majestic mythological animals can't be compared to the olden days now. The mythological animal Sibuxiang received orders to descend to the mortal world and to help out other mythological animals in dire straits wandering the human world. In the secular world, he met his old colleague Pixiu in a tight spot, his drinking buddy Tuye down in his luck, and the gold and silver Jue brothers who were demoted to the mortal world... what kind of stories will happen between them?(Source: AC.QQ, translated)Oftentimes, people are most vulnerable when they are lonely and unable to get along with those around them. Isolation is felt more keenly amongst a crowd, so some will try to find solace in the strangest of places, where the unknown lurks. Such people include Ayumu Aizawa, a former city boy now living in the countryside of Tana, and Kisa Tanigawa, a young girl who has a hard time relating to others. What these two share in common is a feeling that their life has gone astray. Zettai Shounen tells a story of strange phenomena affecting two different settings, with no explanations of their origin or sudden appearance. All that is known is that these phenomena seem to center on individuals with mixed emotions toward themselves and others.[Written by MAL Rewrite]Nie Feng has a body of true yang, but he came from an ordinary background, has a rough fate, was repeatedly oppressed and calculated, and finally embarked on the road of confronting the eight major sects alone. Unexpectedly, Nie Feng did not die because of this, but was reborn back to his boyhood at the age of seventeen. In this life, although he was from an ordinary background, he possessed peerless martial arts and rose rapidly in the martial arts. The regrets of the previous life will be made up. All enemies will be buried.(Source: baike.baidu)Two hundred years ago, on the Battlefield of the Blue River, the last remaining army of the Empire of Light collapsed in the midst of demonic outcries. As the last Field Marshal and Emperor fell, the chaotic world of the Western River no longer had a common ruler. Factions were formed and endless conflicts ensued, military might became the only currency of survival, and the dream to reunite the lands became the sole goal of many rulers in the generations that came after.In the south-eastern part of the land, a powerful faction with over two hundred years of history – House Zichuan – fought off the Demons to the east, defended against the House Liufeng to the west, and contained the House Lin to the south. In order to accomplish their great ambitions and extend the bloodline of their family, countless heroes of Zichuan gave their lives in order to make this magnificent hymn come to life. This is a story about this legendary family and a hundred years of their blood and tears. (Source: AniList)Episode 13 of Kamisama no Inai Nichiyoubi, included in the final Blu-ray/DVD volume of the series.This bonus episode is separated into three parts.In the first part, taking place before the characters reach Ostia, Ai and the others visit a hot spring.In the second part, Alice remembers the times he killed his classmates and encounters Hampnie Hambart. A battle ensues.In the third and final part, Hampnie dreams of when he first met Hana and is then woken up by Ai.(Source: Wikipedia)